You know that what I do is write for children, and, in fact, I'm probably the author for kids, reading in the United States.
And I always tell people that I don't want to look like a scientist.
I can show you as a farmer, or with leather clothes, and nobody has chosen an article.
I'm here to talk to you about circles and spills.
And you know that a spill is usually something that comes to you somewhere.
You only have to go back to the apple to see it as a spill.
That's the painting of a circle.
A friend of mine did that -- Richard Boston.
It's the kind of complicated circle that I'm going to talk to you.
My circle started in the '60s in average school, in Stephen, Ohio.
When you hit every week in the baby's bathroom, until a teacher saved my life.
She saved my life when he allowed me to get into the doctor's room.
I did it in secret.
For three years.
I had to go from the city.
He had a thumb, and 85 dollars, and ended up in San Francisco, California, -- I found an ad -- and in the '60s, I felt the need to start working on organizations that fought AIDS against AIDS.
About three or four years ago, at the middle of night I got a phone call from that teacher, Mr. Population he said, "I will see it.
I'm desperate that adults never come to know.
You could come to Ohio and please bring that man to that man who I know you've found.
And I have to tell you that I have pancreatic cancer, and I would like you to stay with this please.
Well, the next day we were in Charles.
We went to see it, we were stopping, and we came back, and we realized that she needed to be honest.
And we found a place, we found it, and we carry it up, and we got rid of his family, because it was necessary.
It's something we knew how to do.
And so how the woman I wanted to know as an adult came to know -- he became a driver box and was put in my hands.
And what happened was that the circle had closed up, had become a circle -- and that spill that I told you about it was done present itself.
The spill is that death is part of life.
She saved my life, my partner and I save the her.
And you know that that part of life needs everything that the rest of life.
It needs to be true and beauty, and I'm very clear that today he talked a lot about this.
It also needs dog -- needs dignity, love and pleasure, and it's our work to provide those things.
Thank you.
As an artist, connection is very important to me.
Through my work, I'm trying to express that humans are not separated from nature, and that everything is interconnected.
I was for the first time to Antarctica about 10 years ago, and there I saw my first sculptures.
I was amazing.
My heart launch fast, I was dying, trying to understand what was in front of me.
The buildings all around me standing around the water almost 60 meters -- and I couldn't even think that it was a snow soup on another continuous soup about a year.
The forces are born when they get rid of the glaciers or break the ice flags.
Each judge has its own individual personality.
They have a different way to interact with their environment and their experiences.
Some of them are refused to pick up and take up to the end, while others can't get more and spread into a dramatic passion.
It's easy to think, when you see a iceberg -- that are separate isolated and alone, in large measure as we see us sometimes as humans.
But the reality is all the opposite.
As a sculpture, I'm breathing your ancestral atmosphere.
As a weapon goes down, a water releases rich fresh water in minerals that feed many forms of life.
I'm going to ask you to photograph these images as if you're dealing with the portraits of my ancestors, knowing that at these unique moments, you exist in that way, and you won't exist in that way again.
It's not the death when you're standing, it's not an end, but a continuation of your way through the cycle of life.
Part of the ice of the scholarships that photograph is very young, it's a couple of thousands of years.
And another part of the ice has over 100,000 years old.
The last pictures that I'd like to show you are from a iceberg that photographed in Kennettarch Grandma.
It's very curious to get to present a robotic scrap.
There you are.
You can see the left a little boat.
It's about five meters.
And I'd like to pay attention to the shape of the iceberg and their flexible line.
You can see here, beginning to roll the boat has moved on the other side, and the man is out there.
This is an average size of Grames.
On top of the water about 120 feet or 40 meters.
This video is in real time.
And so you know, the iceberg shows a different side of its personality.
Thank you.
I want you to imagine two couples in 1979, the same day, exactly at the same time, every one of a baby built together.
So, two couples each one with a baby.
I don't want you to stop too much in the details of conception, because if you stop thinking about the conception of it, you're not going to pay attention.
Let's think about that for a moment.
And on this stage, I want you to imagine that, in a case, the chromosome and the sperm is used to the X City chromosome.
And in the other case, the X chromosome of sperm is joined to the X chromosomes of the egg.
Both of them are going to go and start life.
Let's go back to talk about them later.
In my ground activity to take two roles.
In one of my relationships, I work with the history of anatomy as well.
I'm a strategy for training, and what I study in this case is the way people love anatomy -- to say, of human bodies and animals, how they have considered the body fluid, the idea of the body, what you've thought about the body.
The other role that I think about in my work is an activist, as a patients, or as I say sometimes depressing impressions of people who are medical patients.
In this case, I've worked with people whose physical features challenge social rules.
I've been working, for example, with synthetic twins, two people within a same body.
I've been working with people, much lower people than average.
And I've been working with many cases of people who have advanced sex -- individuals whose physical theater doesn't fit in the male and conventional skills.
In general, we can call it interventions.
The interpretation adopted many ways.
I'm going to give you some examples of ways to have a sex that is not completely uncomfortable in male or female ways.
For example, it's the case of the individual with X criminal basis -- which is the Sunday gene of the chromosome and tells the protections, that we all have in the real life, that becomes testimony.
And then, in the heavy life, the testicles produce testosterone.
But because this individual lack of recording records, the body doesn't react to the same.
It's the syndrome of instruments to the advertising.
So, there are high levels of textiles, but without reaction.
As a result, the body is developed following a typical female course.
When it was born, the baby looks like a child.
It's a girl. It's raised as a girl.
And, often, it's not until puberty, when it is growing and developing the senses, but it doesn't have the mental period, when someone realizes something is happening.
After doing tests you realize that instead of having operations and this, it actually has testimony and a crime.
The important thing to understand is that you can think about a man, but it's actually not like that.
Women like men, we have in the body something called supermarket glasses.
They're in the front of the body.
Supermarket glands produce advertising, the hormone.
Most women like me -- I consider a typical woman -- I don't know their critical structure, I think it's a typical woman most women as I are sensitive to the advertisements.
We need to adapt and respond to the advertising.
As a result, someone like me has the brain more exposed to the advertisements that the woman who was born with tensions that have the syndrome of instruments to advertising.
So sex is a complicated thing. It's not that the sponsors are in the middle of the spectrum, in a way, can be everywhere.
Another example, a few years ago I received a call from a 19-year-old boy born and raised as a vote, he had a long, and sex relationships with her, he took a life as a boy and just found out that he had open and straight.
It had an extreme way of a disease known as a constant supermarket hydrogen.
I had 20th criminals and the supermarket glands were so active.
As a consequence, their genes were marriaged, their brain was exposed to the typical male component typically market.
It was born with a child, no one was anything.
And it was at the age of 19, when he started to have medical problems driven by internal member, when doctors found out that, in fact, it was women inside.
Well, another quick example of a case of intersections.
Some people with 20th chromosomes developed what they know as an organisms, which is to say, they have ocean tissue wrapped in three-dimensional tissue.
We don't know why that happens.
So there are many forms of sex.
The reason why kids with these kinds of bodies -- are the oldest twins, or the interventions are used to selective surgeries is not to be able to make a better physical health.
In many cases, people are perfectly healthy.
The reason they join several surgeries is that they're a threat for our social categories.
The system is normally based on the idea that a particular anatomy brings a particular identity.
We have the idea that being women is to have female identity to be a black identity, presumably being black means to have African anatomy in historical terms.
A terribly simplistic idea.
And when you present a body that shows something quite different, we have problems with catastrophic.
So we have very romantic ideas in our culture about the individual.
Our nation is based on a concept of very romantic individual.
Imagine how amazing it is to have children who were born as two people within a same body.
The latest recent case is last year with the South African corner, the Sea Service, was put in the board of judgment his sex in the International Google of Berlin.
A lot of reporters called to ask, "What are you going to do to determine whether Casey Second is man or woman?
And I had to explain to the journalists that there is no such test.
In fact, we now know that sex is so complicated that we have to admit that nature is not brought up a pink line between men and women or among men and interactive and women and workers and women and personalities, we are who we bring that line.
So what we have is a situation where the more progress science, the more we have to admit that these categories.
And not only in terms of sex.
Also in terms of race, something that turns out to be much more complicated than the fire allows you.
And as we see, we get into a scale terrain.
Let's say, for example, the fact that we share at least 95 percent of DNA with chimpanzees.
What would we do in the fact of different people in just a few nuclears?
And as we program in science we get more and more and more and more and more and more and more in an amazing area where we have to recognize that the simple categories that we're going to have probably are too simple.
And we're looking at this in all the psychologists of human life.
One of them, for example, in our current culture, in the United States today, are the struggles at the beginning and the end of life.
It's hard to look at a moment from which a body gets human and has different rights from the prices.
There are very advanced discussions today -- not in public -- but I know within medicine, I know when someone gets killed.
Our ancestors had never had to vote with this question of whether someone was dead.
As long as you put a leg front of the nose, and if you moved it still didn't get it.
If he stopped moving it out.
But today we can, for example, extract vital organs from a body and put them into another body.
And as a result, we have to face the dilemma to really determine the death of somebody, and this is actually putting us in a difficult situation where we don't have the simple categories of the past.
And you might think that this catastrophe explosion could take someone like me.
In politics I'm progressive, I define people with unusual bodies, but I have to admit that I get nervous.
They found that these categories are much more unstable than we think about me.
You have from the concept of the concept of democracy.
And to tell you about this tension first, I have to admit that I'm an early administration of the Fundamental parents.
I know they were rational, they were self-designed, but they were big.
I mean, they were so brave and advanced and so radical in what they did -- that I find each so much looking at that music concerned "Arabia, and not for the music, which is totally passing.
That's what happened in 1777 with the Fundamental parents.
The Fundamental parents were, to me, the first animals of the anatomy and explained why.
What they rejected was an evolutionary concept and replaced it with another one who was radical and beautiful and kept for 200 years.
And as everybody remember, what our founding parents were recorded was the idea of months -- the mountain was based on a very simplistic concept of analysis.
The world's monkeys didn't know the DNA, but they had clear the idea of birth of birth.
They had the concept of blue blood blood.
They were about the idea that the political power was coming to the power of blood transformed from the grandfather to father and then the child, etc.
The founding parents revealed that idea and replaced it by a new concept, and that concept was that all men are created equal.
They didn't look at the game field and they decided that the anatomy that mattered was the common anatomy and not the analog differences. That was very radical.
And in part they were doing it because they were part of an inorganic system in which two things.
It was meant by democracy and at the same time born science.
And it's very clear -- if we look at the history of the Fundamental parents, that many were very interested in science and the idea of a natural world.
They were distributed from the statement explanations, and then they were rejected by the concept of super-changing power to go from an idea of birth of birth.
They were moving towards a natural concept.
And if we look, for example, the Declaration of Indiana, talk about nature and God's God.
They don't talk about God and the nature of God.
They talk about the power of nature to tell us who we are.
And in fact, we were treating the idea of atmospheric coincidence.
And by doing so, they were feeling the foundations of the future rights movement of Civil Rights movement.
They didn't think that way, but they did it for us, and it was great.
And what happened next?
And women were excited.
Then he came the success of the Civil Rights movement with people from the Sierra Stone, who said, "I'm not a woman."
We found men on the lines of the Civil Rights movement saying, "I'm a man."
Again, color people who were forced to the anxiety contemporary about the analytical difference and again, they brought up.
We see the same with the Discovery movement.
The problem is, of course, as we look at the contents we have to start asking ourselves, why will we keep certain divides.
But attention, I want to keep some anatomic divide in our culture.
For example, I don't want to give a fish the same rights to a human.
I don't mean that we should get to the anatomy of it.
I don't mean that five years old, they had to allow them to have sexual relationships or house.
There are some anatomic divisions that make sense and I think we should keep it.
But the challenge is to try to figure out what they are, why keep them and if they make sense.
Well, let's go back to those two creatures at the beginning of this talk.
We have two beings, both connected to the middle of 1979, exactly the same day.
Imagine one of them, Mary was born three months before time, one percent of June 1984.
Harvard, on the contrary, born in terms of a term -- was born in March 1, 1980.
For the only fact that I had been born three months before Mary was attributed to all the rights three months before Henry -- the right to Henry County, the right to vote, the right to get the right to get the right to get the right to get the right to go.
Henry has to wait for all of that not because it has a different biological age, but because I was born later.
We found other random ranges in relation to their rights.
Handler, in virtue of being considered men -- well, I haven't told you whether it's X, in virtue of being considered a man now is a position of the official supermarket that Mary doesn't have to worry about.
Mars, on its hand, it doesn't have the same rights to marriage that Henry in all states, for example.
Henry can marry all the states with a woman, but Mary can marry a woman just in some states.
So they still prevent atmospheric categories that in many ways are problematic and questionable.
And now the question is: What do we do now that science advanced so much in the field of the anatomy that we get to the point of having to admit that a democracy based on anatomy could define."
I don't want to go back to science, but at the same time sometimes I feel like science is stranged.
Where do we go?
It seems like what happens in our culture is a kind of prophitately private attitude -- "Well, we have to draw the line somewhere, so we're going to do it."
But a lot of people are trapped in a rare position.
For example, Texas at a certain time has decided to marry a man you don't have to have creature, and to marry a woman you have to have creature.
Now, in practice, they don't make people tests.
But this is also very strange to give the story that I told you at the beginning of the separation of insulting to the advertising.
If you look at one of the founding parents of modern democracy, Dr. Martin Luther King, in his speech, he has to be said, offer a solution.
It says that we should judge people not in the color of their skin, but in the content of their character, they go beyond the anatomy of it.
And I want to say, "Yes, the idea seems very good.
But in practice, how do you do?
How do you judge people based on the content of their care?
I want to point out that I'm not sure that we should be based on this to make the rights to the people, because I have to admit that I know from some games meetings that probably deserve the social services than some humans I know.
I also want to say that maybe some parasites that I know can make more informed decisions, intelligent and mature about their sex relationships that I know.
So how do you put the issue of the content of concentration?
It turns out so hard.
And one part of me is wondering what would happen if the character of one person could be measured with an instrument, maybe with a magnetic response.
We want to really get to that point?
I'm not sure where we go.
What I know is that it seems to be very important that the United States continues to give up this notion of thinking about the issue of democracy.
We've done a good job in defense of democracy, and I think we will make a good job in the future.
We don't live, for example, in a context like the anger in which a man who feels attracted by other men is substance to be killed by being killed unless it's willing to join a sex change, in which case it allows you to live.
We're not in that situation.
I'm glad to say that we don't have a context like a surgeon that I talked about a couple of years ago that had made a couple of years ago that had been giving birth twin light to then separated them and how it would take their fame out.
But when I asked the phone, I asked the reason for the operation -- a very risky operation, he told me that in that other country, these kids would be very upset, and so I had to do it.
What he said, "Well, has you considered political focus instead of the particular self-assembly?
The United States offers huge possibilities to people to be who are not forced to change for the good.
So I think we have to be on the head.
Well, to end up I mean I've been talking a lot about the parents.
And I want to think about what democracy would be, or as it might have been, if we had gotten more participation to the mothers.
And I want to say something a little bit radical for a feminist for a feminist -- and that is that I think there can be different ideas coming from different analogies in particular if there are people thinking about groups.
For years, since I've been interested in intersection, I have been interested in research to research sexual difference.
And one of the things that I've been interested in is the differences between men and women in terms of how to think and operate in the world.
And what we know about transparent studies is that women, in average, -- not all, but in average, they tend to pay more attention to complex social relationships and act of those who are vulnerable inside the group.
And if we think about that, we have an interesting situation in our hands.
A few years ago, when I was in the professor, one of my advisers I knew I was interested in the demonstration -- I became feminist -- like now, he made me a strange plan.
"I know what has the memory of female fear?
And I thought, "This is the most dumb question I've ever heard.
The family has to do with delivering gender stereotypes so there's nothing female in the memory.
But the more I thought about his question, the more it seemed to me that there is something female in the demonstration.
I mean, there might be something in average, something different between the female brain and the male that makes us more attached to complex social relationships and willing to help the most vulnerable.
So if the parents were very close to finding the way to protect people by part of the state, it is possible that, of having increased more mothers to this concept, maybe we would have accelerated the concept of protection with recording the recording supply.
And maybe that's what we have to do in the future when we make democracy beyond anatomy -- thinking less in the individual body, in terms of identity, and thinking more about relationships.
So as we try to create a more perfect Union, we think about what we do with each other.
Thank you.
In 2007, I decided we had to rethink how we think about economic development.
Our new goal should be that when every family thinks where it wants to go to live and work, have the possibility of choosing at least a handful of different cities that are competing to attract new resistance.
Well, now we are far away from that target.
There are billions.
But the amazing thing about cities is that they vary much more than their construction cost.
So we could easily take it into the world for decades, maybe hundreds of new cities.
Well, this can sound you if you've never thought about new cities.
But just replaced by apartment buildings.
Imagine that half of those who wanted to live in apartment were already propaganda, and that at the other half I would still fail to do it.
You could try to increase the ability to make great in all existing buildings.
But you know that the problem facing it is that those buildings and the areas that surround them have rules to avoid the molecules and the diseases of construction.
So it would be very hard to do all those extraordinary.
But you could go to a completely new place, build a completely new apartment building, always and when the rules of that place facilitate construction instead of putting it out.
So I proposed that governments are creating new areas of reform enough to connect cities and gave them a name, cities under statistics.
I later learned that more or less at the same time, James and Korea were thinking about the Harvard reform challenge.
They knew that every year about 75,000 acres going out of his country to go to the United States, and they wanted to ask what they could do to make sure that those people could stay and do those same things in Harvard.
In the summer of 2009, Harrie happened by a decorative constant crisis.
In the next election for regular elections, Doctor Lord was advanced by a platform where I promote reforms and at the same time.
I asked Kong to be his boss of galaxies.
Meanwhile, I was preparing to give a talk at TED.
Through a process of reconstruction, trial and error and a lot of problems with users, tried to reduce this complicated concept of cities under status to their most essential ideas.
The first point was the importance of norms, like those rules that say you can't go and send all the current apartments of antenna.
We put a lot of attention to the new technologies, but it takes so much of technologies like to protect them, and usually the rules are going to get us going.
In the top of 2010, a friend of Guatemala, sent him to Kong a link with the TED.
I showed it to James.
They call me.
They said to me, "Let's do this to the leaders of our country.
So in December we met in Miami in a conference room.
I tried to explain this point about how valuable cities, much more valuable than their monitoring cost.
And I used this image that shows the value of the land in a place like New York, French, land that, in some cases, they value thousands of dollars per square meter.
But it was a pretty abstract discussion and at some point, when there was a pause, October said, "Well, maybe we could see the video of the TEDTalk talk.
And the talk described in very simple terms that a city under status is a place where it begins with statement terrain -- a status that species the rules that are going to be applied to that and an option for people to choose if they want to go or not live under those rules.
So the president of Harriets called me, and he told me that we had to do this project, this is important, this could be the way for our country to go.
He asked me to go to Linux and talk about four and five of January, five of January.
So I presented another talk full of data, which included a picture like this, who was trying to explain that to generate a lot of value to a city, this has to be very big.
This is a picture of Dennett and white line is the new airport that was built in Dennett.
This airport covers over 100 square miles.
So I was trying to convince the honor that to build a new city, you have to start with a site that looks at at least 1,000 square miles.
That's over 100,000 acres.
The whole world is affected.
The public faces were very serious and alien.
The Congress leader came up to the platform and said, "The Roman Roman, thank you very much for your talk, but maybe you could see the video of the TEDTalk.
I have this here in my computer computer.
So I sat down and showed the TED.
And this explains the essentials that a new city can offer new choices for people.
There was a choice of a city that could go that could be in Harvard, instead of hundreds of miles away north to the North.
And it also includes new choices for leaders.
Because the leaders of the Hollywood government needed help of the countries that were associated with the countries that were able to benefit from the countries that would help them to establish and make the standards of the status -- so that they could all trust the status that is effectively completely.
We went and saw a site.
This picture is there.
It could easily be a few thousand square miles.
And shortly after, the 19 of January, voted in Congress to address his Constitution and add a constitutional discussion that allowed to create these special regions of development.
In a country that was just going through this painful crisis, the vaccine in Congress in favor of this constitutional forest was 120 to one.
All the paradoxes, all the families in society, responded it.
In order to include the Constitution, you have to address twice in Congress.
The 17 percent of February, again in another volume.
Immediately after the cow, from 21 to 24, a department of about 30 reserves was to the two places in the world that are more interested in participating in the building of cities.
One of them is South Korea.
This is a picture of a new big center of the city that's built in South Korea, is bigger than the Boston center.
Everything that you see there was built in four years, after it spent four years to get the permission.
The other country is interested in building cities is Singapore.
In fact, they've built two cities in China and they're preparing for a third.
And if you think about this precisely practical way, this is the point where we are.
They have a site, and they're already thinking about a site for the second city.
They're preparing a legal system that would allow the administration to come, and at the time they will allow them to operate under an external legal system.
A country has been committed to allow his Supreme Court to be the last instinct for this new judicial system.
There are urban buildings and cities that are very interested in the project.
You can even get some funding in it.
But the only thing we know is that they have a good number of users.
There are many companies who wanted to install in the Americas, especially in a place with an area of free trade, and there are many people who would like to go live there.
In the world there are 700 million people who say they would like to change immediately to another place.
There's a million dollars a year coming out of Latin America to go to the United States.
Many of them are parents who have to leave their family back to their family to get a job, sometimes they're mothers who have to earn the money for just eating or buying clothes.
Unfortunately, sometimes even children are trying to meet their parents who have not seen, in some cases, in a decade.
So what does it look like to think about the construction of a new city in Harvard."
Or build a dozen of these, or a hundred of these all over the world?
What does it look like to think about insist so that families can choose between various cities that are competing to attract new resistance?
This is an idea worth spreading.
And my fellow friends asked me to say, "Thank TED.
I'm Jesus, and this is my vagina.
But before I show you what's going on, I'm going to make a public conference, and it is that I live obsessed with the stress.
I love to find, to find, and more recently, photograph and publish in my blog suit and colors and different for each ocean.
But I didn't buy anything new.
All my clothes is a second hand of pillar markets and second hands.
Oh, thank you.
The second hand stores allow me to reduce the impact of my saving in the environment and in my bicycle.
I come to meet people interacting -- usually my money goes to a good cause, and my way is unique, and buying it into my personal search search search.
I mean, what am I going to find today?
Is it from my street?
Would you like color.
Is it less than 20 dollars?
If all the answers are positive, then I feel that I've won.
Going back to my vagina, I want to tell you what I put for this exciting week at TED.
I mean, what do you bring to someone who has all that rock?
So I'm going to show you exactly what it translates.
I've brought seven pairs of inner clothing and nothing else.
I go inside for exactly a week is all that I've put in my vagina.
I was imagining that it would be able to find everything else I want to use after getting here to Palm Scott.
And because you don't know how the woman I walk through TED in inner clothes,  that means I found some things.
And I'd like to show you now the tools for this week.
Does it sound interesting.
As I do, I'm also going to tell you some of the lessons of life that I believe or not, I've learned in this adventure of not using new clothing.
Let's start with the Sunday.
I call this bright director.
You don't have to spend a lot of money to see good.
Almost you can see it first for less than 50 dollars.
All the topic -- including the jacket -- it cost me 50, and it's the most expensive thing I've used in the week.
Londs, color is energy.
It's almost preserving it to be bad humor -- when you're wearing a bright red short.
If you're happy, you're going to attract other happy people.
Mars, the integration is supporting.
I've spent a lot of time in life trying to be myself and at the same time integrating it.
You just know yourself.
If you surround the right people, you don't just understand you, you will also appreciate you.
Milo, God of the kid who carry inside.
Sometimes people tell me that it seems to play displays, or I remind them about seven years.
And I like to salute and say, "Thank you."
Together, trust is the key.
If you think you look good with something, it's almost safe that you are.
And if you think you don't look good with something, it's probably true.
My mother taught me this day after day.
But it wasn't until 30 years that really understood his meaning.
And I'm going to explain it in a few seconds.
If you think you're a beautiful person in your inner and outside, you don't see you can't attract it.
So there's no excuse for any of this audience.
We should be able to achieve everything we want to do.
Thank you.
Video: A real universal six words for you? The golden letters go with everything.
And finally, of course, develop a personal personal style and only is a great way to tell the world something about you without having to say a word.
I've tried it over and over again when people were approaching this week just by what I was using -- and we had fantastic conversations.
Obviously this is not going to go into my little gap.
So before I go home to Brooklyn, I'm going to give you everything.
Because the lesson I'm trying to learn this week is that you have to leave certain things.
I don't need to engage emotionally to these things, because it comes back from the corner, there will always be another crazy suit, color and bright wait, if there's a little love in my heart and looking for it.
Thank you very much.
Thank you.
This is a representation of your brain that we can divide in two parts.
The left side, which is the logical part, and the right side, which is the intuitive part.
So if we use a scale to measure the architecture of each hemisphere we could design a blueprint of our brain.
For example, this would be someone who is completely legal.
This would be someone who is totally intuitive.
So where do you look at your brain on this scale?
Some of them are going to hear for one of these extremes -- but I think for most of the inventions of this audience, your brain is something like this -- with a great attitude in both hemisphere at the same time.
It's not that it's mutually excellent.
You can be logical and intuitive.
I consider one of those people, which just like most of the other experimental quantum physicists, we need pretty much logical to connect these complicated ideas.
But at the same time, we need pretty much intuition to make experiments really work.
How do we develop this intellect? Well, we like to play with things.
We put to play with them, and then we see how we react and then we develop our intuition from that point.
And actually, you do the same thing.
An intuition that you can have developed over the year is that one thing can be only in a place at once.
I mean, it can sound weird to think that one thing is in two different places at the same time, but you weren't born with this notion with this notion, development.
I remember looking at a child playing in a parking bar.
It was a small kid, and he didn't do it very well, it always falls down.
But I bet the playing with that parking bar showed him a very valuable lesson, and it is that big things don't allow them to go and stay in a place.
This is a great conceptual model that you can have in the world, except you're a particle physics.
It would be a terrible model for a particle physics, because they don't play with parking bars playing with these strange little particles.
And when you play with your particles, they discover that they do all sorts of really weird things -- like you can go through walls, or you can be in two different places at the same time.
And then they wrote all these observations and the so-called quantum mechanics theory.
And that point was the physics of a few years ago, they needed the quantum mechanics to describe those little particles.
But they didn't need to describe the big objects that surround us every day.
That doesn't get very well to my intuition and maybe because it doesn't play very often with particles.
Well, sometimes I play with them, but not a lot.
And I've never seen them.
I mean, never nobody saw a particles.
But it also didn't fit to my legal side.
Because if it's all made out of small particles and all the little particles follow the principles of quantum mechanics -- then it shouldn't all follow the principles of quantum mechanics -- right?
You don't find the reason why it shouldn't be.
And so I felt much better if I could somehow demonstrate that a common object also follows the principles of quantum mechanics.
That's why a few years ago, I proposed to do exactly that.
And I did.
This is the first object that you can see that has been in a quantum mechanical survey.
What we see here is a little computer chip.
And you can try to see the green dot right in the middle.
That's the metal piece that I'm going to talk about in a minute.
This is a picture of the object.
And here I'm going to miss it a little bit. It's right in the center.
And then we do a very large approach to small metal growth.
What we see is a little bit of metal metal, which is a way of training, and that supported in a platform.
And then I did this almost in the same way that you would make a computer chip.
I went to a clean room with a new, and I went to work all the big machines for about 100 hours.
For the last material, I had to build my own machine -- to make this organization with form of nanomice that is located underneath the device.
This device has the ability to be in a quantum supermarket, but it needs a bit of help.
Let me make an analogy.
You know how uncomfortable it is to be in a spinning full of people.
I mean, when I'm in an elevator alone, I do all kinds of weird things, but then when other people go out and stop doing those things, because I don't want to bother them, or, actually, forget me.
Quantum mechanics says that inanimate objects behave in the same way.
The journey of journey of inanimate objects are not just people, it's also the light that grabs it and the wind that happens next and the heat of the room.
So we knew that if we wanted this piece of metal to behave according to quantum mechanics, we would have to spread all the other passengers.
And that's what we did.
We put the lights off, then we put a spill and we extract all the air, and then we fly it into a temperature of less than a degree above the absolute zero.
Now, when you're alone in the spill, the little bit of metal is free to act as you want.
So we measure their movements.
We discovered it was moving in very strange ways.
Instead of staying perfectly well, I was visiting -- and the way I visited was like a breathing like this -- as a sign that was expanding and continues.
And by giving it a strand off, we could make it see and not go at the same time -- something that only happens with quantum mechanics.
So what I'm telling you is something really fantastic.
What does it mean that a fixed thing and it doesn't go at the same time?
Let's think about atoms.
In one case, all the trillion atoms of atoms that go through that piece of metal are ready and at the same time those same atoms are moving up and down.
It's just in particular instant when those are all over.
In the rest of the time they're depressed.
It means that every atom is in two different places at the same time, which means that the whole piece of metal is in two different places.
I think this is great.
Seriously.
I'm worth looking at a clean room to do this for all those years, because you see this, the difference in scale between one atom and that piece of metal is kind of the same that the difference between that piece of metal and you.
So if a single atom can be in two different places at the same time, and that piece of metal can be in two different places, why don't you do it?
I mean, it's my logical part of the thing.
So imagine if you were in several places at the same time, what would that be?
How do you accept your consciousness if your body was despite space?
There's another part of the story.
And it is when we heat it, and we turned the lights and looked inside the box, we saw the metal kept there in one piece.
And I could get to this new intuition -- seemingly all the objects in the elevator are actually just quantum objects that are just made in a small space.
You hear a lot about the quantum mechanics that everything is interconnected.
Well, that's not so true.
It's more profound than that.
It is that those connections, your connections to all the things that surround you, literally define who you are. And that's the deep range of quantum mechanics.
Thank you.
My name is Alice.
And 18 months ago I did another work in Google, until I launched the idea of doing something related to museums and art to my boss who's here and that allowed me to take it on it.
It took me 18 months.
A lot of negotiations and stories, I assure you, with 17 very interesting museums of nine countries.
But I'm going to focus on the sea.
There's a lot of stories why we did.
I think my own story is just explained to this slide, and this is the access.
I grew up in India.
I went from a great education -- I didn't wake up, but I didn't have access to many of these museums and artwork.
So when I started traveling and going to mice, I started learning a lot.
And working on Google, I try to make the desire to make it more accessible by technology.
So we formed a team, a big team of people, and we started doing it.
But let me show you the demo and then explain a couple of interesting things that we've taken from their launch.
So, let's just go to Germany.
Look around all the museum that there is.
There's the Mule gallery -- the Mother, the France, the Richard, the Milky Way.
I'm actually going to go into one of my favorites, the Medical art museum in New York.
There are two ways to do it -- very simple.
We click and parent, we're already inside the museum.
No matter where they are, Bonobo or Michael, that doesn't really matter.
You move around and you're gone.
Do you want to navigate the future?
We open up the plane, and with a single click, we stay inside.
They're inside, they want to go to the end of the room.
You go forward. You disappeared.
They speak.
Thank you, but I haven't come to the best.
Now I'm in front of one of my favorite paintings, "The Congressional Content, in Moreal Bronx.
I see the sign.
If the museum shows you the image, we click there.
Look, this is one of the images.
Here's all the information of metabolism.
For those of you who are really interested in art, you can click there, but I'm going to click here right now.
And this is one of the images we've captured in what we call the overall technology.
So this image, for example, contains me, I think, about 10,000 million pieces.
And there are many people who ask me, "What do you get with 10,000 million press?
So I'll show you what you really get with 10,000 million pieces.
It can do floor around very simple.
You see fun things that are happening.
I love this guy, his expression has no price.
But if you really want to draw it.
So I started playing and I found something that happened there.
And I said, "No moment, this seems interesting.
I went and discovered that the kids were actually playing something.
I worked a little bit, I talked to some people in the Metropolitan and actually discovered that this is a game called "The The World Court that is going to hit a hole with a painting the Tuesday Tuesday Sea.
And it seemed very popular.
I don't know why they did, but I've learned something about it.
And now we're going to get even further in deep and see that you can actually get even to the cracks.
Now just to give you a little bit of perspective, I'm going to take the image, so you see really what there is.
This is where we were, and this is the painting.
The best thing is for coming, a second.
So now we're going quickly to jump over the MoMA in New York.
Here's another one of my favorite names, "The Stanford Night.
The example I showed was to find detail.
But what if you want to see the psychologists?
And if you want to see how Van Gogh actually created this mastery work?
It increases it and really it gets it.
I'm going to one of my favorite parts on this frame, and I'm really going to get to the cracks.
This is "The State Night? I think I'd never seen it so before.
I'm going to show you another one of my favorite function.
There are many things here, but I don't have time to show you.
This is the really cool part. It's called "The Professor.
All of you, absolutely everyone, doesn't matter whether it's rich or poor, or if you have a manager, that's the same.
You can online create your own museum, create your own collection from all these images.
It's very simple, we enter -- I've created this function that I call "the power of the road, we just made a ground around.
It's about "The Embarrassed in the National Gallery of London.
You can do things, send it to your friends and keep a conversation about what you feel like when you meet these masterpieces in it.
So in conclusion, I think that for me, the main thing is that all amazing things really don't come from Google.
No, in my opinion, they even come from the museums.
Maybe it shouldn't say this.
Actually, they come from those artists.
And that has been my humble experience with this.
I mean, I hope that in this digital medium is going to be justice to your art art and it's represented right online.
And the big question that makes me today is this: "Do you do this to repeat the experience of going to a future?
And the answer is no.
It's to make the experience.
And that's it. Thank you.
Thank you.
Good afternoon.
I have something to show you.
Think it's a press, a flying press.
In our lab, we call it sensitive design.
Let me tell you a little bit about this.
If you look at this picture, I'm an Italian origin, all the kids in Italy growing up with this picture on the wall of their direction, but the reason I show you this is that there's something very interesting in the career of France 1 in the last two decades.
It was a few time ago, if you wanted to win a Carter 1 race -- I took a budget and you put it into a good pilot and a good car.
And if the car and the pilot was good enough, you would win the career.
This is what in engineering is called the control system in real time.
It's essentially a system that has two components -- a sensor and an accident.
The interesting thing is that today's control systems are starting to enter our lives.
Our cities, over the last few years, have been covered with networks and electronic nets.
They're becoming computer air computers.
And as such, they're starting to respond in a different way, and they can be detected and activist.
Consumed cities is a big thing.
As I noticed I wanted to mention that cities are only two percent of the cortex of the planet, but they represent 50 percent of the world's population.
Seventy-five percent of the CO2 emissions.
If we could do something with cities, it would be a big thing.
Beyond cities, all of these detectors and accidents are entering our everyday objects.
This is from an exhibition of Paul Albanian for the end of the year at MoMA, during the summer.
It's called "The Uncle On Do."
Well, our objects, the environment, they start talking.
It's kind of like almost every single atoms become sensors and accessible.
And that's changing the interaction that we as humans have with the outside environment.
In some sense, it's almost like the old Drawn of Michael and ...
You know, when Michael anticipates the Mountain, it says that at the end he took the hammer, and he pulls it up to the Mountain -- you can still see a little bit a little bit of it, and he said, "I don't know something?
Well, today, for the first time, our environment starts to talk.
And I'm going to show you just a few examples, put it into the idea of capturing the environment and acting something.
Let's start with the detector.
The first project I wanted to share with you is actually one of the first projects in our lab.
This was four and a half years ago in Italy.
It was a summer with luck in 2006.
It was the year that Italy won the World Cup, right?
Maybe some of you remember it, play Italy and France, and at the end of Zero gave the hair.
And anyway, in the end wins.
Now let's see what happened that day to look at activity happening in the network.
Here we see the city.
You see the Charles in the middle and the Egypt River.
It's the morning, before play.
The time line is at the top.
On the last afternoon there are people over here and there making calls moved.
It starts the participation, silence.
Grand from France, God of Italy.
People make a quick call and go to the bathroom.
Second time. End of recording time.
First extra time, second one.
Feynman and at a moment, the hair.
Paul Iraq, yeah.
That night everyone was to celebrate the center.
There you see the big peak.
The next day everyone went to the center at the heart of the winning team and the first minister of then.
And then everybody left it.
You see the image of the place called five Massachusetts where, from the last book, people are going to celebrate -- it's a big party, you can see the peak at the end of the day.
This is just an example of how you can measure the pulse of the city in a way that we wouldn't have been able to do just a few years ago.
Another quick example of detection is not about people, but of things that we use and consume them.
Today, we know everything about the protection of our objects.
This is a map that shows all the chips that run a Mac -- how they were stuck.
But we know very little about where things go.
So in this project we developed a little bit of small tags to track the trash in their destination by the system.
We started with a few volunteers that helped us in Seattle recently, more than a year ago, to test what they were raising, different kinds of things, as you can see, things that are all the way to take place.
Then we put a little chip -- a label on the trash and then we started to flying it.
So these are the results of them.
Stop September.
after a week.
With this information, we realized that there are many influences in the system.
We can do the same with much less energy.
These are data that they didn't exist.
They're happening complicated things and there's a lot of unnecessary transportation.
But the other thing we think is that if we look at every day that the cup that we set up doesn't sleep, that's still somewhere on the planet.
And if the plastic bottle we arrive is still there.
And that if we show that to people, then we can promote some behavior change.
That was the reason for the project.
My colleague at MIT, Scott Berfuska, could tell us a lot more about detection and many other great things that we can do with that, but I wanted to go to the second part that we would mention at the beginning, which is accessible about the environment.
And the first project is something we did a couple of years ago in Zammar.
It started with a question of the city mayor who came and told us that Spain and South Europe have a beautiful tradition of the water use in public spaces.
And the question was, how can the technology, the new technology, come to that?
And one of the ideas that we developed at MIT in a workshop was, imagine that they have a coffee and vertically, solid solutions that open and shut up.
It was created as a water curtain.
If you can write the bridge, you can write in them, show patterns, images, text.
And when you zoom in, the curtain will open up so that we can go on, as you see in the image.
We presented this to the Berlin Archim.
I liked it a lot.
And they provide a combination to design the building to the entrance of the Explorer.
We call it Diamond Parkinson's Palestinian.
The whole building is made of water.
There are no doors or windows but when you tap it open, so you can happen.
The ceiling is also covered with water.
And if there's a little bit of wind, if you want to minimize the surrounded the sales, you look down the roof.
Or you can close the building and all the architecture disappeared, like in this case.
That day there will always be somebody in the winter when you go down the roof, somebody who was there and he said, "Get the building.
No, it's not that they have demonstrated it, but when you lose almost all the architecture disappear.
Here it is working.
You see the introduced people what happens inside.
And here I'm myself trying to not move out of the sensors that open the water.
I think I should tell you what happened one night when all the sensors stopped working.
That night was actually even more fun.
All the kids from Zammari came to the building, because the way we interact had changed a little bit.
It was no longer a building that was open to let it happen, but a building that continued to make corners and holes of water, and you had to jump for not to move.
(Music noises) And for us that was very interesting because as architects, engineers, designers, we always think about using people to give our designs.
But then the reality is always implanted.
And it's the beauty of doing things to interact -- that people use.
This is a picture of the building with physical pixels -- the water pixels and the projections about them.
And this is what led us to think about the next project I'm going to show you.
Imagine that those losses could start flying.
Imagine that you could have little helicopters in the air, and that each one had a little purpose that changes color as if it was a cloud that moves in space.
This is the video.
Imagine a helicopter like what we saw before, which moves with others in silence.
We could make this cloud.
It's kind of flexible screen like this with a normal configuration in two dimensions.
Or normal but in three dimensions, where what changes is light, not the position of the points.
You can play with a different guy.
Imagine that the screen appears in different scales and sizes. In different kinds of resolution.
And that then all of that could a cloud of pixels in 3D that you can zoom in, and go through it, and see from very different angles, and see from very different angle.
This is the real Florida control, going down to form a B, like before.
When the light, you see this. The same thing we saw before.
Imagine each one of them controlled by a person.
We can have every pixel with an entrance that comes from people, from the movement of people, etc., etc.
I want to show you something for the first time.
We've been working with Robert Bono -- the best bank dancers of today, the Middle York star star and the Miller Sea in Milo, to capture their movements at 3D and use it as an entry for the Florida.
Here we can see Robert dance.
On the left you see the pieces, the capture in different resolution.
It's so much 3D digital in real time as a movement cancer.
You can reconstruct all the movement.
You can go all the way.
And once we have the fingers, we can play with them, with color and movement, with gravity and rock.
We want to use this as a possible entry for the Florida.
I wanted to show you the last project we are working on.
It's something for the Olympics.
It's called the cloud.
And the idea is, imagine again, that we could engage people to do something and change our environment -- as a grade crop, like a grain crime, but with a cloud.
Imagine that we could make everyone put a little bit for a bridge.
And I think how remarkable it has happened in the last few years is that, in the last two decades, we spend the physical world in the digital world.
We've digitized everything like knowledge, and it's accessible across the Internet.
Today, for the first time -- the Obama campaign showed us -- we can move from the digital world, from the authentic power of networks, the physical world.
In our case, this might be we wanted to use it to design and make a symbol of it.
That would mean something built in a city.
But tomorrow can be to address the challenges today, think about climate change or CO2 emissions -- how will we go from digital world to the physical world?
The idea is that we can make people engaged to do this together, in collective form.
The cloud is a cloud, again, made of pixels in the same way that the real cloud is a piece of particles.
And those particles are water, whereas in our cloud they're finished.
It's a physical structure in London, but it covered in the ground.
You can move around, have different experiences.
You can see it from below, to share the main moments of the Olympic Olympics.
So it's so much a physical cloud of the sky like something that you can climb up, like a new summit of London.
You can get there.
As if it was a new digital term in the night, but the most important thing is that it will be a new experience for anyone to go to the top.
Thank you.
Would you like to be better than you are?
Suppose I would tell you that, with just a few changes in their genes, they could improve memory, for one more accurate and faster.
Or maybe they would like to be in better ways, to be stronger -- to have more resistance.
Would you like to be more attractive and secure of yourself.
How about living more with good health?
Or maybe it's about those people who always wanted to be more creative.
What else would you like?
What would you like if you could choose something?
(Music ends) Creativity. creativity.
How many people choose creativity?
Raise your hand. Let me see.
People probably had the number of creative people.
That's very good.
How many of you choose memory?
A few more.
What is the physical state.
A little less.
How about loss?
Oh, most of that makes me feel very well as a doctor.
If you could have something that the world would be very different.
Is it just imagination?
Or maybe be possible?
Evolution has been a subject here at the TED conference but today I want to give you a picture of a doctor on the subject.
The great generation of the 20th century, TV Durk, who also built in the Church Arab Russia, wrote a trial called "No biology makes sense of the light of evolution.
But if you effectively accept biological evolution consider this, it's just about the past, or the future?
Is it about others or us?
This is another look at the tree of life.
The human part of this branch -- well at an end, is of course, of course, that we are interested in.
We developed from a common ancestor with modern chimps about six or eight million years ago.
There has been maybe 20 or 25 different species of homosexuals.
Some of them have gone back and on.
We've been here about 130 years old.
It might seem like we are very far from other parts of this tree of life, but actually, mostly the basic machinery of our cells is kind of the same.
Do you realize that we can harness and control the machinery of a common bacteria to produce the protein of human insulin that is used to treat diabetes?
This is not like human inspiration, but it's the same protein, indigent self-interest, from which the pancreas comes from.
And to talk about bacteria -- you realize that we all take in the most bacterial gut that the cells we have in the rest of the body?
Maybe 10 times more.
I mean, do you think -- when Will Darwin put them out of the authority, they think about bacteria ...
The gut is a wonderful hospital environment for those bacteria.
It's warm, dark, blood, it's very focused.
And we're going to provide you all the nutrients that you can want without efforts of your part.
It really is like a quick pathway for bacteria with the occasional interpretation of some force string to the salt.
But therefore, we are a wonderful environment for those bacteria in the same way that they are essential for our life.
They help to digest essential nutrients and protect us from certain diseases.
But what does the future?
Are we a kind of evolutionary balance like species?
Or do you go into something different, something maybe better adapted to the environment?
In this vast statement of the universe, life on Earth is like a brief shop, the animal kingdom, as a single one and only community, and human life, a little bit of grace.
That was us.
And it was also the fun part of this talk, so I hope you've enjoyed it.
I had my first kind of biology.
I was fascinated by the electronics and beauty of biology.
I fell in love with the power of evolution, and I realized something fundamental in most existence of life, in the self-destructive organisms, every cell just divided and all the genetic energy in that cell is transmitted to the two child cells.
But when multicellular organisms appear -- things start to change.
It comes in the scene the sexual reproduction.
And something very important, with the emergence of sexual reproduction that happens, the rest of the body becomes present.
In fact, you could say that the inevitable of the death of the body goes into evolution at the same moment of sexual reproduction.
I have to convince you that when I was a college student, I thought, well, congratulations, sex death -- he seemed pretty reasonable at that time, but with every year I went on, every single time I had more doubt.
I came back to understanding George Burker, who still accepted in Las Vegas in their 90 years.
And one night someone hit his door of hotel.
He opened the door.
In front of him, he finds a wonderful light radiation dance.
He looks at it and says, "I want to look for a "Awarden sex.
"Well, he says, George says, "I chose the country?
I realized, as a doctor, that I was working for a different target in the goal of evolution, not necessarily contradiction, just different.
I was trying to preserve the body.
I wanted us to get us healthy.
I wanted to bring health in the disease.
I wanted to live more and more health.
Evolution is going to spend the genome to the next generation, adapting and separated generation after generation.
From an evolutionary point of view, you and I are like decoration rockets designed to send the genetic load to the next level, and then let the sea.
I think we all understand the feeling that Wood Allen expressed when he said, "I don't want to make the immortality through my work.
I want to do it not died."
Evolution doesn't necessarily favor longevity.
It doesn't necessarily favor the biggest or stronger or faster and even the smartest one.
Evolution favors the best creatures to their environment.
That's the only test of survival and success.
In the bottom of the ocean the tirester bacteria that can survive the heat of the forests that produce -- if there were fish there, fish comes into the vacuum, yet they've managed to make that a focus environment.
So what does this mean when we look at what's happening in evolution and if we go back to thinking about the place of humans in evolution and in particular, if we look at the next phase -- to the simple phase -- I would say there are a lot of possibilities.
The first is that we don't evolve.
We've reached a kind of balance.
And the underlying reasoning would be that by medicine -- first of all, we have known to preserve a lot of genes that otherwise would have been disconnected and exchange from the population.
And secondly, as a species, we have convinced our environment to adapt to us as we can adapt to it.
And by the way, we migrated ourselves, and we get together so much that it's no longer possible to have the isolation necessary for the evolution.
A second possibility is that it creates an evolution of traditional type, naturally driven by the forces of nature.
And the argument here would be, that the gears of the evolution are drawing down, but they're immediately.
And in terms of the supply, when the species of distant planets are going to exist the isolation and the environmental changes that can produce evolution in nature.
But there's a third possibility -- an attractive possibility and intriguing and frightening.
The neuron called Newtonian -- new evolution, which is not just natural -- but guided and choosing for us as individuals in the decisions that we make.
Now, how could this happen?
How could we get to do this?
First of all, we consider the reality that many people today, in some cultures, are making decisions about their offspring.
In some cultures, they're choosing to have more vaccines than women.
It's not necessarily good for society but it's what it takes to the individual and family level.
They also think that if it could be possible to be able to choose not only the sex of its description, but in their own body to make the genetic inputs to cure or prevent disease.
What if we could make the genetic changes to eliminate diabetes or Alzheimer's or reduce the risk of cancer or eliminate the alternative?
Don't you want to do those changes in your genes.
If you look at the future that kind of change is going to be more and more possible.
The Human Genome Project started in 1990, and it was 13 years old.
It was 2,000 million dollars.
The next year of being done, in 2004, I could do the same work for 20 million dollars in three or four months.
Today, you can get a complete sequence of the three billion base pairs of the human genome to a cost close to the 200 and a week of a week.
It would not make a lot for it to do the human genome for 1,000 and be more and more to the scope of all.
They come those changes.
The same technology that has produced human insulin in bacteria can make viruses that are not only going to protect us from themselves, but they're going to fit immune against other viruses.
Believe or there is no experimental trial in terms of the vaccine against the flu influence in a tobacco plant.
Can you imagine something good to come out of the trick?
That's true today and in the future it's going to be more and more possible.
So imagine then just another two little changes.
Can you change the cells of your body, but and if you could change your care cells?
And if they could change the sperm and the voters, or change the rain recently, and give their children a better chance of a healthier life, eliminate the diabetes, remove the habitat, reduce the risk of cancer?
Who doesn't want any more health?
And then that same analytical technology, that same engine of science that can produce the changes to prevent disease is going to allow us to also adopt officials a better memory.
Why would you not have the incentive of a Kennedy Kennedy especially if you could increase it with the next generation of the World machine.
Why don't you have a faster control muscle that allows us to run faster and more distance?
Why not live longer.
This is going to be introduced.
And when we are in conditions to pass this to the next generation and we could adopt the attributes that we wanted to have changed the evolution of before in the neuroscience.
We're going to take a process that could normally take 100,000 years and we can compress it to 1,000 years and maybe happen within the next 100 years.
These are elections that their grandchildren, or the grandchildren of their grandchildren, are going to have to have them.
We're going to use these choices in a better society, more successful, more considered.
Or, are we going to choose a different attributes that we want for some of us, but not for others?
Are we going to build a society that is more boring and more uniform or more remotely vertical?
This is the kind of question we're going to have to face.
And the deeper of all, we're going to be able to develop the wisdom and to inherit wisdom to make these decisions sure?
For good or worse, and before what you might think, these choices are going to depend on us.
Thank you.
Imagine a great explosion when you're at 900 feet tall.
Imagine a plane full of smoke.
Imagine a engine making clear, click, click ...
Close, click, click, click, San strange.
Well, I had a unique seat that day. I was sitting in the 11.
It was the only one I could talk to the flight airplanes.
So I immediately looked at them, and they said, "No problem. We probably have some birds.
The pilot had seen the plane, and we weren't so far.
You could see Manhattan.
Two minutes later, three things happened at the same time.
The pilot hit the airplane with the Hudson River.
That's probably not the room.
It keeps the motors up.
Imagine in a plane and without noise.
And then he said three words.
The three most unequal words you've heard of.
He said, "The manager for impact."
I didn't have to talk more with flight assistant.
I could see it in his eyes.
It was terrifying.
I want to share with you three things that I learned about myself that day.
I learned that everything changes in an instant.
We have this list of things to do before I die, these things that we want to do in life, and I thought about all the people that I wanted to get and I didn't do it, all the fence that I wanted to reproduce, all the experiences that I've wanted to have and I never had.
While I was thinking about that further, I came up with a sentence, which is, "You know bad wine you?
Because if the wine is ready and the person is there, I'm going to open it.
I don't want to throw anything in life.
And that unit, that purpose, has really changed my life.
The second thing I learned that day -- and this is how we put the George Washington, which was not quite a lot -- I thought about it, W. I really feel a big step.
I've lived a good life.
In my humanity and my mistakes, I tried to improve everything I did.
But in my humanity, I also gave my ego place.
And I would scan the time that I waste in things that doesn't matter with people who do matter.
And I thought about my relationship with my wife, with my friends, with people.
And then, as a media in that, I decided to remove the negative energy of my life.
It's not perfect, but it's much better.
In two years, I haven't had a fight with my wife.
It feels like wonderful.
I don't try to get right, I choose to be front.
The third thing I learned -- and this is like your mental clock is saying, "Oh, 14, 13, 13.
You see the water.
I'm saying, "Please fly?
I don't want this to break in 20 pieces as you see in those documents.
And as we went down, I had the feeling of it, Wall, die not fear.
It's almost like we've been preparing for it all our life.
But it was very sad.
I didn't want to go, I love my life.
And that sadness is embedded in a single thought, which is, just wishes one thing.
I could see my kids growing.
A month later, I was in a matter of my daughter -- first grade -- not a lot of art talent -- "November --                                              And
And to me, that was the whole reason of being the world.
In that point, I understood that the only thing that matters in my life is to be a great father.
And above all, the only goal I have in life is to be a good father.
I got a miracle -- I didn't die that day.
And I got another gift, which was the possibility of looking at the future and coming back and live in another way.
You are flying today, the challenges to imagine that the same thing is going to happen on their plane -- and please not be like that -- but imagine and how they change?
What do you do, you still expect to do because you think they're going to live forever.
How would their relationships change and negative energy in them?
And most importantly, are the best parents you can do?
Thank you.
I've clearly been blessed in life with many amazing projects.
But the most great thing I worked was for this guy.
The guy called TEDx.
Twitter was one of the most important farmers in the 1980s.
One day he came to his house after he ran and said, "Dad, I feel a store on the legs?
And that was the beginning of the ALS.
Today, Texas has a total couple.
It can only use the eyes.
His work influenced me.
I have a design and animation company so obviously the graffiti is intrinsic that we admire and respect in the world of art.
So we decided that we went to pathology to Tony, TEDx, and their cause.
So I went and I met his brother and his father and I said, "We're going to give you this money.
What are you going to do with it?
And his brother said, "I want to be able to talk to Tony again.
I just want to be able to communicate with him and that he will be able to communicate with me.
And I said, "A second, is not that -- see Stephen Harvard, is not that all people with parties can communicate with those devices?
And he said, "No, unless you're someone important and you have a very good insurance you can't actually do it.
These devices are not affordable for people.
And I said, "Well, how do you communicate then?
Anyone to see the film "The Electron and the Marine?
They communicate in that way, they are going to be shown with the finger.
I said, "That's adult. How can it be?
So I presented with the only desire to get a check, and instead of that signed up a sign that I didn't have the best idea of how I was going to cover it.
I engaged with his brother and his father there in that precise moment, "I'm right, this is the deal, Tony is going to talk about, we're going to build a machine, and we're going to find a way for it to come back to make your art again.
Because it's ridiculous that someone who have so much in their inner can't be communicated.
So I talked about a couple of months later.
I met these guys called GDP Research Law, who have a technology that allows them to program a light on any surface, and then with a laser point, drawing about that and recorded the negative space.
So they go around doing art facilities like this.
All the things that go, they say, they're part of a cycle of life.
You start with the sexual organs, then with the bad words, then with the attacks to Bush and at the end, people start making art.
But there was always a cycle of life in their presentation.
And so I started the journey.
And about two years later, about a year later, after a lot of organization and a lot of a lot moving the things from one side to another one we've got a couple of things.
One, we played the gates of insurance companies and we got a machine to be able to communicate, a machine like Stephen Harvard.
Which was great.
And seriously, it's the most fun of the most fun -- I call it Loon because when you talk to the guy, you get an email email from it, and you say, "I don't deserve it. This guy is fantastic.
The other thing we did was to bring seven programs around the world and the whole world of the planet in the planet to our house.
My wife, the kids and I, we moved to the back band and these hackers and programmers and constructions and analogies took the control of the house.
Many of our friends thought that we did something completely stupid and when we returned to the walls of the walls and in their place there would be free.
But for two weeks we proposed -- we went to the marine floor of Venice, my son was part, my dog as well, and we created this.
It's called English "professional Andrea, and you can see the description of it.
They are a couple of cheap soldiers that we buy in the sea floor of Van Beach, some correct corner of copper and Hans Deploy and Radio Shanghai.
We take a Philip camera, we put it over a light of LED and now there is a device that is free -- to build yourself, we published the free code, the software goes down in free.
And we create a device that doesn't have limited at all.
There's no insurance company that says, "No."
There's no hospital that I can say, "No."
Any person with parks today has access to drawing and communicating using their eyes.
Thank you.
Thank you to you. That was awesome.
So, at the end of the two weeks, we went back to the TED room.
I love this picture because this is the other person, and that's her room.
There was all this pen and oil during the great antibody.
And after more than a year of planning, two weeks of programming -- the intense set of the night, Turkey came back to draw for the first time in seven years.
And this is a wonderful picture because this is the support system of your life and is looking through the support system of your life.
We ran the bed so I could see.
And we put a project on a wall of the parking side of the hospital.
And he went back to draw for the first time in front of his family and friends -- to imagine what was the feeling in the parking paradigm.
So the funny thing was that we had to fix in the parking parking and we feel like we were reading the graffiti as well.
At the end of this, he gave us an email email and this was what he said, "This was the first time I draw in seven years.
I felt like I had been under the water and someone finally came to rescue me and I would get out of it so that I could breathe, right?
Isn't it?
In a way, that's our war GDP.
That's what keeps us in motion, development.
And we have a long way to walk with this.
It's a great device, but it's the equivalent of a Murreyan screen.
Someone with this artistic potential deserve much more.
So we're trying to figure out how to improve and make it faster and robust.
Since then, we've had all kinds of recognition.
We've won a lot of awards.
Remember, it's free, none of us is making money with this.
It all comes out of our own pockets.
The awards of the guy, "Oh, this is fantastic.
Tour take something about us, and then, in December, the Time magazine reminded us as one of the top 50 inventions of 2010, and it was really cool.
The best of all of this -- this is what ends up closing the circle, is that in April of this year in the Gulf Germany in the center of Los Angeles there is going to be an exhibition called "The Country.
And "The Carton in the streets is going to have the best shots of urban art -- HIV Scottish, Charles, all of them are going to be there.
Chris is going to be in the show, which is quite impressive.
So basically this is my idea: if you look at something that is not possible, it can be possible.
None of what there is in this room was possible -- the computer, the computer, the microscope, nothing was possible at a certain time.
I'm going to make possible, anything in this room.
I'm not a programmer, I never did anything with the terms of target recognition, just remember something and I associate with wonderful people to make it happen.
And these are the questions that I want everybody to do every day when we find something that we feel that we need to do. If it's not now, when I am not me, who is it?
Thank you guys.
I've spent the last few years moving in very difficult situations and at the same time a very dangerous.
I went to prison, hard.
I worked in a carbon mine, dangerous.
It served in war zones, difficult and dangerous.
And I spent 30 days eating only this, fun at the beginning, something difficult in the middle, very dangerous at the end.
In fact, in a large part of my career, I have been supporting myself in situations in horrible appearance situations with the only goal to try and explore social issues in ways that will be abstract, interesting and hopefully to analyze them in a way that you can see corrupt and accessible for the audience.
So when I knew that I would come here to do a TEDTalk about the world of brands and the background wanted to do something a little bit different.
So, some of you may have heard it, or not, a couple of weeks ago, a plane in Iraq.
I took some messages in Facebook, some in Twitter, I was in Twitter -- I saw the rights of my TEDTalk name of 2011.
What there was the next thing was the following, "Hey, Shanghai Sweden, present my TEDTalk that they have no idea what it is about and content could explode in the face, especially if I put it in ridiculous to you or your company when you do it.
But he said this, it's a very good media opportunity.
Do you know how many people look at these TEDTalks?
that.
It's a program in progress, by the way.
So even with that auction knew somebody was going to buy the rights of the name.
If you had asked me a year ago I couldn't tell you with certainty.
But in the new film I am working on, we explored the world of the marketing of advertising.
And as I said before, I've been involved in horrible situations in the last few years, but nothing could be able to be able to be able to be able to anticipate it, for something as hard or as dangerous as going to the room with these guys.
You see, I had this idea for a movie.
Martin Sarah, I want to make a film that tries to make the product of products and marketing and advertising, and that all the film is funded with making products of products, marketing and advertising.
The film is going to call "The largest Film Sanchman."
What's going on in "The biggest movie ever sold up, is that all of the top down to the bottom, at the end of the end, has market images, all the time, from the alternative that appears before the title, the X brand.
Now this brand market? We call Supering Santa, the Center Star."
These people are stopped to fight film, forever.
And so the film explores all this idea.
I'm a reduction party. (Audience: I just said, it was more for arms.
It was "The personality.
But we're not just going to have the partnership of the X brand on the ground, but we're going to make sure that all the categories we can in the film.
Maybe we sell a shoe and turn the most cool shoe you've used ...
The most great car that you've been driving in "The biggest film is ever sold -- the best sign that you've been broken, cold of "The largest Chicago Carler alone.
Alazor Katheriel: The idea is then also to show the brands as part of life, to make it finance the fish, "Oh, make it finance the fish, MIT? And we actually show the whole process of how it works.
The full film goal is transparency.
You're going to see the whole process in this film.
That's the whole idea -- all the film, from beginning to end.
And I would love that Ghana helped make it happen.
Robert Frances, you know, it's funny because it's the first time I hear that, it's the maximum respect for the audience.
The precise, but I don't know how slippery it is going to be people to that.
AK: You have a perspective. I don't know if you're very negative, but you know how it's going to be released?    David Congo? How much money do you need to do this?
MS: A million and a half million --  -- very well, John Karajan, I think it's going to be difficult to meet it, but it certainly is going to be worth driving a couple of big brand.
AO: Who knows, maybe for the moment that the film comes up to us as a lot of advanced images.
MS: What do you think it's going to be the answer?
Arment Archiee. Most of the answers will be "No."
MS: But it's going to be hard to sell it, for the film or to be me?
JC: All right.
MS: It means you're not very optimistic.
So, let me help you, I need help.
MK: I can help.
MS: All right. (Audience: Okay, important.
MK: We need to think about what brands are.
MS: Yeah. (Audience: That's the challenge -- when you look at the people that you have to treat it?
MK: We have some places where it goes.
MS: I thought that "I was the camera, it meant we have a conversation outside of microscope.
The camera means "We don't want to know anything about your film.
MS: And so it was, one for one of these companies suddenly disappear.
No one wanted to have anything to do with this film.
I was surprised.
They didn't want to know anything with this project.
And I was very impressed -- I thought the concept of advertising, was to introduce the product to so many people as possible, and make so many people see it as possible.
Especially in the world today this intersection of new media and old media and the simulation of separate media is not the idea to tell that new speech of attention that is going to take the message to the mass?
No, that's what I thought.
But the problem was, you see, my idea had a banking mistake and that error was this.
Actually no, there was no error.
There was no mistake at all.
This would have been fine.
But the problem was what this image.
See, when you look for images of all the terrorists in Google solved --    this is one of the first images that you see.
I like your way to play Brent, Britain. No.
This was the problem, the transparency, free of simulation or detail, easily detect or seen -- easily understood -- which is characterized by violence or accidents of information, especially in business practices -- being the last line maybe the biggest problem.
You see, we heard a lot about transparency in these days.
Our politicians the name, the president of the name, even the CEOs named it.
But suddenly when it comes to make it really something changes suddenly.
But why? Well, the transformation gives fears --  like that weird bear that still keeps playing.
It's predator.   Like this weird rural path.
And it's also very risky.
What else is it risky?
They bought a whole bunch of Charles Chile.
That's very risky.
When I started talking to companies and telling you that we wanted to tell this story, and they said, "No, we don't want to tell you a story about it.
We want you to tell a story, but you tell the "sound story.
You see, when I was a kid, and my father caught me in some listener -- there is he looking at how he used to do, he said, "Oh, there are three sides in every story.
You're your story, it's my story, and it's the real story.
As you see, in this film, we wanted to tell the real story.
But with just one company, an agency wanted to help -- that just because I knew John Bond and Richard King from many years, I realized that I would have to go for my own, I would have to take it into the intervention and go to companies myself with all my team.
So what I started to get to admire suddenly -- that I started to realize that when you start to talk about companies the idea of understanding your brand is a universal problem.
MS: I have friends who do big movies, huge, giant and others who do small, independent movies, like mine.
And my friends who do big Hollywood movies say that the reason their movies are so successful is due to the associated marks they have.
And then my friends who do independent films say, "Well, how are we supposed to compete with these big, giant Hollywood movies ...
And the film is called "The largest Finger Carbon Suddenly.
How are we going to see Bang in the movie?
Every time I'm going to go out, every time I open my laptop, you'll see the Sandy Sandy.
At any time during an interview with someone I can say, "Are it fine for this interview."
Are you ready? You see a little nervous.
I want to help you.
Maybe you should put a little bit of this before the interview.
And then I offer one of these fabulous scans.
So Mans Franklin, like "The Paris, are going to have their opportunity.
We're going to have so much for man as for women, solid to blogger, in bar as it is.
That's the general look.
Now I can answer your questions and give them a portion of them.
Karl Francisco, we're a small brand.
Just like the kind of smaller movies they said, we are more well a rival brand.
So we don't have the budget that have other brand.
So doing things like this, you know, remembering Japan to people is the reason why this is interested in.
MS: What words would you use to describe Bangalore?
Barry is in white.
KA: That's a big question.
Volunteer: higher technology.
MS: Technology is not the way you want to describe something that you put on your mouth.
Man: We talk about something color, fresh people.
I think it's a great word that really puts this category in positive versus "The smell and the supermarket.
It keeps you.
How do we keep you fresh more time -- with better statement, more strange, three times cheaper.
Things like those who are the benefits.
MS: And that's a multinational company.
What about me? What about a common guy?
I need to talk to the man of the street, the people like me, to the commons.
They have to talk about my brand.
MS: How do you define your bank?
Man: My market.
I don't know.
I like the good clothes.
Woman: I was able to get the 80-powered portrait, unless it is a card day.
MS: Is it okay, what's the Germany market?
Girl: A unique one, one, Nigerian, "I guess the kind of gender, the style that I have to be like a domain dance.
I like dark colors, lots of gray and things like that.
Usually I take access as a sun game, or I like crystals and similar ones.
Woman: If Dan was a brand could be a classic called Medical Benki.
Man 2: The brand that I am, I call it "The Capital Height.
Woman 2: In part of the hippie part, in part of it, in part "The Brooklyn, I don't know.
Man 3: I'm the kind of forest.
I put toys for pets in the country and in the world.
So I guess that's my brand.
In my little sector, that's my brand.
Man 4: My brand is Permea, because it runs the back.
Man five, market balanced failing.
Is that something?
Alaskin, I'm a lawyer.
Tom -- I'm Tom.
MS: Well, you can't all be marks Tom, but I often blame myself in the intersection of the Google and "The Heart Canada.
I realized that I needed an expert.
I needed someone who could go into my head, someone who could help understand what they call the market "called.
And I found a company called Now Bangladesh in Peters.
They helped companies like New Francisco, Frank, Handful of discover that pen personality.
If you could do it for them, you could certainly do it for me.
"Art, they take the pictures, right?
MS: Yeah. The first picture is a family picture.
A: I tell you a little bit how do you relate to your thoughts and feelings your way of being.
MS: These people model my way to see the world.
E: Tell me about that world.
MS: That world? I think your world is the world that you live -- as the people who surround you, your friends, your family, the way you live your life, the work you do.
All of those things are organized and start in a place and in my case, and they start in my family, in the West Virginia.
AO: What is the next thing you want to talk about?
MS: The next is "This was the best day of my life."
AO: How do you relate to your thoughts, feelings and your way to be?
MS: It's like who I want to be me.
I like the different things.
I like weird things. I like weird things.
A: Tell me about the "professor, why does that serve us?
What's the machine? What is the dance phase you find now?
Why is it important? What is the red report?
Tell me a little bit about that.
A little more of you, that's not who you are.
What other metabolics have you have?
You have to have fear. What kind of mountain mountain you are?
MS: Ahy, thank you.) No, thank you.
E: Thank you for your patient. (Audience: Great work, A, yeah. (CA: Thank you very much. Very good.
MS: Yeah, I don't know what's going to come out of this.
There was a lot of crazy in all this.
Larry Barbara? The first thing I saw was this idea that there are two different sides -- but contradicting -- in your market personality -- the Martin Sarah brand is a contemporary brand.
Very well together.
And I think there's almost a paradox on them.
And I think some companies will only focus on one of their strong points or in the other instead of focusing on both.
A lot of companies tend -- it's the human nature, to avoid the things that they're not secure, they avoid fear, those elements, and you actually give them a little bit positive for you, and it's nice to see that.
What other brands are this?
The first here is classic and Adam.
And you can see it also here to Tars, Window, Mike Monterey and Jessica.
Now there are legal marks and consciousness -- those things that have gone and come in, but a particular brand is pretty powerful.
MS: One permanent market? What's your bank?
If someone asks you to describe your identity of brand, your marketing identity, what would it be?"
Are you a advanced attack. You're someone who makes blood flow?
Or are you rather an attack destroyed?
A little bit more expensive, responsible, consistent.
The accumulation attributes are like being playful to be free like the Princeton, content, advanced, angry or bold like Eric French, faster or giant, prophecision, magic or mass like Gandhi.
Or are you more than attractive disconnected."
Are you conscious, sophisticated like 1853.
Are you statistically, transportation, provide, progression, progressive with Obama?
Are you considered, statistically, family, consumer, safe, sandwich, predator or sage like the Dalai Lama or Alleg?
In the course of this film, we had more than 500 companies, and they had more than 500 companies, and they were described and descriptions, who said, "No, they didn't want to be part of this project.
They didn't want to have anything to do with this film, mainly because they wouldn't have control, they wouldn't have control over the final product.
They allowed us to tell the story of the neuroscience, and we came to tell the story in this film how now they use the magnetic resonance to identify the marital centers of desire in the brain so much for commercial marketing and film.
We went to San Paulo where they have banned advertising to free air.
All over the city over the last five years, there are no vacuums, there are no parasites, no voters, nothing.
And we went to school districts where companies are doing road in schools with elite problems in America.
The amazing thing to me is that the projects in which I've had the biggest answer or in which I've had more success are the ones I've been interacting with things directly.
And that's what these marks did.
They went to the interventions, they took their agencies, and they said, maybe these agencies don't have my best interest in mind.
I'm going to treat the artist directly.
I'm going to work with him to create something different, something that's going to make people think about people, which is going to challenge the way we look at the world.
How does it go? They were successful.
Well, since the film is studying the Super Feynman Feynman, we take a look.
According to Boston the film are string in January, and since then, -- this is not all -- we've had 900 million impressions, in the media for this film.
This is just a period of two weeks and a half.
That's just in line, and it's not press, no TV.
The movie still doesn't get away.
It's still not online. It's not in success.
It hasn't even been presented in other countries yet.
Ultimately, this film has already begun to win momentum.
And it's not bad, because almost all of the agencies that we talk to you to their customers won't be part of.
I've always believed that if you zoom in, if you take risks, that in those risks there are opportunities.
I think when you get to the people who are pushing them to failure.
I think that when you train their employees in the risk of the risk is preparing to your entire company to get out of reward.
I feel that what has to happen to move is that we have to encourage people to adapt.
We have to encourage people to have no fear of the opportunities that can inspire them.
Ultimately, I think, I think we have to give it a place to fear.
We have to put that bear on a cage.
Let's cut the fear. Let's get the risk.
From one sentence at a time, we have to embrace the risk.
And in short, we have to address transparency.
More than ever a little bit of honesty is going to take a long way.
And he said this, with honesty and transparency, all my talk "and has been presented by my good friends of CO2 who for 1980, bought the rights of the name in Iraq.
AM: It turns out a big data in large opportunities for companies around the world.
Ede shows us the transparency.
Thank you very much.
June Cohen: So Mords, in the name of transparency, that happened exactly with those 1700s?
MS: It's an exciting question.
In my pocket I have a chair at the name of the TED Manian organization -- the Sachine Foundation, a chair for 175,000 to be applied to my TED approach of the next year.
The idea behind the American computer worms is actually very simple.
We don't want Iran to get the nuclear bomb.
His biggest asset to develop nuclear weapons is the United Nations wireless plant.
The gray boxes that you see are control systems in real time.
If we were able to engage these systems that control speed and vertices, we can cause a lot of problems with center.
The gray boxes don't use Windows software -- they're completely different.
But if we put an effective virus of Windows in a portable computer used by an engineer to collect this gray box, then we're ready.
This is the plan behind Story.
We started with a Windows international.
The light goes into the gray box, the decline -- the center, and the Iranian nuclear program is definitely, fully slowly.
It's easy, right?
I want to tell you how we discovered this.
When we started to research about SMS six months ago, the purpose was completely unknown.
The only thing I knew is that it's very, very complex in the part of Windows, the instructor used multiple drawing vulnerable.
I want to do something with these gray boxes -- these control systems.
That called the attention, and we started an experiment where we infer our environment with Stanford and we saw what happened with this.
So there were very strange things.
Stanford was behaving like a lab rat that he didn't like our cheese, he hated it, but I didn't want to eat.
It didn't make sense for me.
And then to experiment with different winds of cheese, I realized, and I thought, "This is a driver attack.
It's completely direction.
The instructor is looking for activity in the gray box if you find a specific configuration and even if the program that's trying to infect is actually working in that place.
If not, Steve does nothing.
So that called my attention, and we started working on this almost 24 hours a day, because I thought, "We don't know what the goal?
It might be, let's say for example, a U.S. energy plant, or a chemical plant in Germany.
Better than we would find the objective soon.
So we extracted and descending the code of attack, and we found out that it was structured in two digital bombs -- a small and a big one.
We also saw that they were very professional armed by people who obviously had all the internal information.
They knew all the dots that they attack with.
You probably know how much the operating offers.
So you know everything.
And if you have heard that Stanford disruption is complex and high technology, let me tell you, the burden is very complex.
It's very close to everything we've seen before.
Here you see a sample of this attack code.
We're talking about about 15,000 lines of code.
It looks pretty much like the old state language.
I want to tell you how we could find meaning to this code.
What we looked at the beginning were called the system of the system, because we know what they do.
We then looked for storms and data structures and we tried to relate to the real world, with potential potential for the real world.
We need to theories about fortune that we can afford or define.
To get to theories about goals, we remember that it's definitely a violent salary, it has to be a valuable white sound, and it's pretty sure in Iran, because it's where most of the infections have been reproduce.
They don't find several thousand targets in that area.
It basically boils down to the nuclear energy plant of Bush and the North National antibody plant.
So I said to my assistant, "I have a list of all the experts in centers and plants of energy between our clients.
I called them and I promised them in an effort to take their experience with what we found in code and data.
And it worked pretty well.
So we could focus on the little digital light with the correction control.
The red is that cell part inside the center, that black object you see.
If you handle the speed of this robot, you can certainly get it and even make the content explode.
What we also saw is that the goal of the attack was to make it slow and respond in an effort for going back to the monitoring engineers, so that they couldn't solve this quickly.
We try to figure out the big digital hear of a lot of data and their structures.
So for example, the number 175 percent in that code can't be obviously.
I started to investigate scientific literature about how these centers are built in National and found that they're structural in what's called a card, and every waterfall contains 175 central content.
That made sense, there was a coincidence.
And it became better yet.
These contractors in Iran are divided in 15 parts called stages.
And guess what did we find in the attack code.
A almost identical structure.
So again, that was a good coincidence.
This gave us a lot of confidence to understand what we had in hand.
So that they didn't have the managers, it wasn't like that.
The results have been taken after several weeks of hard work.
We ended up with no salt, and we had to start with.
Even then, we found that both digital ears would take a single and same goal, but from different angles, but from different angles, but from different angles, but from different angles, but from different angles, but from different angles, but from different angles, but from different angles, but from different angles, but from different angles, but from different angles, but from different angles, but from different angles, but from different
The small light is taking a card, and it will make the rocks and deliver them, and the big light is communicating with six cards and manipulating vaccinations.
In sum we're very confident that we have determined what the forest is.
It's Nature, and it's just natural.
We should not worry about other goals to be taken by Stanford.
So here I show you a few very interesting things that we saw -- I was really shocked.
There's the gray box, and you see the centers.
What this thing is doing is to interpret the values of sensors for example, of pressure sensors and video sensors and provides legitimate code, which still ends up during the attack with false data of input data.
And believe it or not, these fake input data are prepared by Stanford.
It's like in Hollywood movies where, during the theft -- the security camera is feeding video video.
Is it really cool.
The idea here is obviously not just going to go to the operators in the fourth of control.
It's really much more dangerous and adaptive.
The idea is to bring a digital security system.
We need digital security systems where a human operator could not act fast.
For example, in an energy plant, when the big steam footprint is spending speed, you have to open up sharks of escape in a military mirror.
Obviously, this can't make a human operator.
That's where we need digital security systems.
And when they're committed, then they can happen bad things.
The plant can explode it.
And you don't open the operations and the security system will notice it.
It scares it.
But it can be worse.
What I'm going to say is very important.
Think about this. This attack is general.
It has nothing to do -- specifically, with contents, with the advertising adventure.
It could work too, for example, in a power plant.
It's general.
And you don't have -- you have to discuss this load with a USB key, as you saw in the case of Stanford.
They could also use government conventional technology to discuss it.
Let's make the most possible.
And if you do that, with what you end up with a selection of mass destruction.
That's the consequence that we need to face.
Unfortunately, the biggest number of targets for those attacks is not in the Middle East.
It's in the United States and in Japan.
All the green areas are spaces with great numbers of goals.
We have to face the consequences and better than we start to prepare now.
Thank you.
Chris Anderson: I have a question.
Tokyo, has been public in many sides that people assume that Montana is the main input behind this.
What's your opinion?
Robert Langa, OK, you really want to hear this?
Yeah. Okay.
My guess is that the movement is involved, but the engine is not Israel.
The engine behind this is the cyber supermarket.
There is one single one, and it's the United States -- fortunately, fortunately, fortunately.
Because in another way, our problems would be even larger.
CA: Thank you. Thank you. Thank you, Randa.
I want you to imagine a robot that you can take and give you horrible skills, or another one that makes it use of wheelchair to go back and go back to walk.
In "The British Bronx, we call these robots, exceptions.
They're not different from something that is put in the morning, gives you a great force, that you also increase your speed, and help you, for example, to manage balance.
It's actually the real integration of man and machine.
But not only that -- it can integrate it and connect it with the universe and with other exposures.
This is not an ironic idea.
So to show you now in what we're working with, we start to talk about the American soldier that in average, it must be carried on its back, a 45 pounds of coat, and it's been expanding to get even more equipment.
Obviously, this leads to some important companies -- injuries in the back, in 30 percent of the soldiers -- with the crazy crimes of back.
We decided to focus this challenge and create an exception that could help handle the issue.
Let me introduce you to the HIV -- or Poland Carolina Carolina.
Allegiance? And I can cover 90 pounds by variables for many hours.
Their flexible design, it allows you to put them into supply streams and raise movements with great advance.
So what I want to do, or where I want to go, and then I increase my strength and my resistance.
Valley Bergerey, we're ready, with our industrial partner to produce this device, this new extension, this year.
So it's a reality.
So let's go back to the users of wheelchair in wheels -- what I'm particularly passionate about.
There are 60 million people in the wheelchair around the world.
Like one percent of the total population.
And this is a really conservative computer.
We talk about something that happens with frequency, very young people, with damage in the empty column that when they start their life -- at the age of 20, 30 or 40 years -- they collide against a wall and the wheelchair turns out to be their only choice.
We also talk about the population that will be multiplying very quickly.
Their only choice, many times -- for a brain injury.
And this has been that for the last 500 years, from its successful view, as I should recognize.
So we decided to start to write a new chapter on mobility.
Let me introduce you to the headline, which is using Alzheimer's Bornes, who 19 years ago had a lesion in the victim column, and as a result I couldn't walk back for 19 years, so far.
Alzheimer's Boston, Thank you.
EB: Anderson is using our headline, that I mentioned.
It's got some sensors.
It's completely not invited in the mountains that send signals to the board computer, here in the back.
There's also a lot of batteries that give birth to engines in the rooms, and in the knees and they do it with this standard stranger and very natural.
AB: I was 24 years old at the top of my life when I was a strange jump in the air, and I was looking down on the air, and he was painting down.
In a second, it lost all feeling and all movement of the dance down.
Shortly time later, a doctor came into my room in the hospital, and he said, "Look, I'll never walk.
That happened 19 years ago.
So I roll up to the last piece of hope from my being.
The advertising technology since then, has allowed me to learn how to focus on streets down in streets, climb rocks and even send in hand bicycle.
But they haven't invented anything that allowed me to walk, until now.
Thank you.
EB: As you can see, we have the technology, we have the platforms to sit and talk to you.
It's in our hands, and we have all the potential here to change the life to future generations -- not only of soldiers, but to Alzheimer's and all the users of stone chairs all together.
AB: Thank you.
I just came back from a community that has the secret of human survival.
It's a place where women have the battery, practice sex to say home, and game is the order of the day, where fun is a serious thing.
And no, it's not the phenomenon of the Afghan Man or San Francisco.
Ladies and gentlemen, they know their cousin.
This is the world of the wild boats of the County serves.
The bonobos are together with chimpanzees, their nearest living ones.
That means that we all share a common ancestor, an evolutionary grandmother, who lived about six million years ago.
Now, chimpanzees are known by their advertising.
But unfortunately, we've done too much strain in this aspect in our narratives of human evolution.
But the bonobos show us the other side of the coin.
Whereas chimps are dominated by big guys, terrifying things, is in charge of female powers.
These guys have created something special because this leads to a very tolerant society where death violence hasn't yet looked at it.
But unfortunately, the bonobos are the least understanding of the big apes of the big.
They live in the depths of the frozen forest, and it has been very difficult to study them.
Congo is a paradox, a land of extraordinary biodiversity and beauty, but also the heart of the same thing -- scenarios of a violent conflict that has been spread for decades and caused almost as many deaths as the First World War.
It is not surprising that this destruction is also put in danger the survival of the Bonobo.
The hunting meat trade, and the deforestation makes you can't take a stadium with the bonds that are in the world, and honestly, we're not sure that.
However, in this land of violence and chaos, you can hear the hidden laughter by making the trees.
Who are these peaceful?
We know them as the apes -- "The love, not the war, because they have frequent sex and bright and bisexual to drive conflict and solve social problems.
I'm not saying this is the solution to all the problems of humanity because the life of the Bonobo is more than the Karl Sweden.
The bombs, like humans, loved playing along their entire life.
It's not just a game of children.
And for us, and for them, the game is fundamental to establish links and foster tolerance for it.
We learn to trust it, and we learn the rules of play.
The game increases creativity and resilience and has to do with the generation of diversity, diversity of interactions, diversity of behaviors of behaviors.
And when you look at the flying game, you see the evolutionary roots of laughter, dance and human ritual.
The game is the glue that binds us.
I don't know how you play you, but I want to show you a couple of unique videos of the middle medium.
First, it's a string game game, and I don't talk about football either.
Here we have a female and a young male male in the middle of a character.
Look at what she's doing.
It might be the evolutionary origin of the phrase, he has a little bit of the papers.
I just think that in this case he loves him, right?
Yeah.
So the sexual game is common as well as in humans.
And this video is really interesting because it shows -- this video is really interesting because it shows the invention of bringing unusual elements to the game -- the trends -- and also how the game requires trust and foster trust, and at the same time is the most fun.
But play is political.
The game is political, it can adopt a lot of ways, some of which are more transparent, imagination, curious, maybe the place where the answer is.
And I want you to see -- this is Frank, a young female female, who is playing with the water.
I think, as it is, sometimes we play alone, and we explore the boundaries of our inner and outside.
And it is that playful curiosity that drives us to explore, to interact and then the unexpected connections that we form are the real service of creativity.
These are just small samples of understanding that bonobos give us from our past and present.
But they also have a secret for our future, a future where we have to adapt to a increasingly difficult world with greater creativity.
The secret is that game is the key of these capabilities.
In other words, the game is our commercial shape.
To adapt to a world that changes we need to play.
But are we going to take our game activity?
The game is not frontier.
Play is essential.
For bonds and human people, life is not just cruel and detailed.
When it looks like the least appropriate thing to play, they can be the moments when it is the most urgent thing.
And so, fisheries competition, we accept this gift of evolution and we play together as we channel creativity, friendship and wonder.
Thank you.
In New York, I'm responsible for developing a nonprofit organization called Robert House.
When I am not fighting poverty, I combat income as a captain angle in a volunteer volunteer body.
And in our city, where the volunteers are going to allow a highly skilled staff one has to get to the site of the fire very soon to get into action.
I remember my first fire.
I was the second volunteer on the site, so I had a pretty high probability of going on.
But still there was a career standing against the other volunteers to get to the captain and figure out what our task was.
When I found the captain I was trading in a conversation with the property that I certainly ended up with one of the worst days of his life.
We were in a number night, she was standing outside in the rain, under a paralyzed, in the down, destined -- while his house was in flames.
The other volunteer that I had just gotten before I was -- "We Legabyle Lesterland London, and he got first to the captain and he asked him to go and save the dog from the house.
I was so closed?
And there was a lawyer or a gesture of money that, during the rest of his life, I would have to tell people that I entered a building in a building to save a living being just because they won for five seconds.
Well, I was the next one.
The captain made me a contract.
He said, "Oh, I need between the house.
I need it to go up, put the fire up, and bring this woman a couple of shoes.
I swear it.
It wasn't exactly what I expected but I went down -- I went on the stairs, at the end of the hallway -- went to the bottom of the bonds that at that height or had finished the fire and he went into the main room in looking for a pair of shoes.
I know what you're thinking, but I'm not a hero.
I took my charge back through the staircase where I met my United States and the precious dog on the main door.
We went out of the house the results for the house of the house where, as it was waiting for her to get a lot more attention than mine.
A few weeks later, the department received a letter from the house of an advanced house by the effort that was shown to save his house.
The kindness that she looked at over the other was that somebody had reached him even a couple of shoes.
Both in my shop in Robert House as in my journey as a volunteer foreign I'm witness for generosity and ambiguity in a monument scale, but also the act of grace and courage at the individual level.
And you know what I've learned?
Everything has its importance.
So when I look at this room to people who have achieved -- or they are for me, remarkable levels of success, I'd like to remind you this, don't expect.
They don't expect to win the first million to make the difference in somebody's life.
If you have something to give it now.
It turns out food in a dining game, they pick up a neighborhood park.
They are mentally.
Not every day we're going to have the opportunity to save someone but every day we're going to be able to influence someone else's life.
So they come into the game, go out the shoes.
Thank you.
Bruno Giussani: Mark, Mark came back.
Mark Benjamin, Thank you.
This might seem strange -- but I'm a great admire of the concrete block here.
The first concrete blocks were made in 1878 with a very simple idea modules in a fixed measure that fits each other.
Very quickly, these became the most used construction unit in the world.
They have enabled us to build things larger than us, as buildings or bridges -- a brick at a time.
Essentially, these blocks have become the pillars of our time.
Almost a hundred years later, in 1975, to LED was happening here.
It was called automotive statement laptop.
And in a few years, LEDs lead to every home.
It's estimated that over 400 billion or 75 blocks per person on the planet.
You don't have to be engineers to build beautiful bridges or buildings or houses.
Zero made it accessible.
BMI just adopted the concrete block -- the family in the world, and turned it into a fundamental piece of our imagination.
Meanwhile, exactly that same year, in the Bell labs, the next revolution was about to adapt -- the new building block of construction.
The transition was a small unit of plastic that would take us from a world of aesthetic brick boats on each other to a world where everything was interactive.
Just like the concrete block, the transistor allows you to create a lot bigger and more complex, a brick at a time.
But there's a major difference, the transistor was just for experts.
I personally don't accept it, that the building blocks of our time are surrounded to experts, so I decided to change it.
eight years ago, when I was at the Media Lab, I started exploring the idea of taking the power of engineers to the hands of artists and designers.
A few years ago, I started developing lights.
I'm going to show you how they work.
Scotting are electronic modules each one with a specific function.
They're ready to be light, sound, motors, and sensors.
And the best thing about everything is they put together through images.
So you can't put it wrong.
Labs have a color code.
The green is the stick, the blue is the core, the pink is the entrance and the orange color is the break.
So you just have to throw a blue with a green and very quickly you can start to make larger circuits.
A blue with a green produce light.
We can put a button in the middle and we have a reconstruction.
If we change the button by a polar body, which is here, and now we have a strange light.
We put this tired to create more impact and we have a noise machine.
I'm going to stop this.
So beyond the simple game, chocolate is actually very powerful.
Instead of having to program, connect and sell, allow us to program using very simple intuitive.
To make it faster or slower and slower -- you just get this button that makes the pulse faster or faster.
The idea behind biodiversity is that it's a growing collection.
We want all the interactions in the world to go back to neighborhoods to use.
Lights, sounds, solar panels, motors, everything must be accessible.
We have given lentils to kids to see them playing with them.
And it's been an amazing experience.
The best thing is how they start understanding the electronics of every day that doesn't learn in schools.
For example, how a light on night, or why the door of a elevator will be open, or how a iPod responds to the touch.
We've also led to design schools.
So, for example, designers without some electronics start playing with chocolate as a material.
Here you can see, with paper bottles and film, we have George created.
(Audience metals?  So a few weeks ago, we took chocolate to the designers of Rhode Island design -- that you have no experience in engineering, just in face, wood and paper, and we said, "You do something.
Here's an example of a project that has done, a conference of conflict active by motion.
But wait, here comes my favorite project.
It's a lot of panels that has a fear of the darkness.
For these non-second, linear people, it became another material, electronics became another material.
And we want this material to be the scope of all.
This is why, biodiversity, has open source.
You can visit the website, download all the design files and manufacture it.
We want to encourage a world of creators and inventors and collaborators because this world in which we live, this interactive world, is ours.
So it goes forward and to invent it.
Thank you.
I'm going to talk today about unexpected discovery.
I work in the solar technology industry.
And my little company was looking for involved with the environment.
The distributed collaboration.
This is a little video of what we do.
Woman: You wait for a moment.
You can download a little bit in charge.
We can get the video on one side.
No.
This isn't it?
All right.
Solar technology is ...
Oh, I was too afraid of time?
All right. Thank you very much.
A couple of years ago, I launched an initiative to recruit the best designers and techniques to take a year and work in an environment that represents almost everything that is supposed to stop, we asked them to work in the government.
The initiative is called "The American Forever and it would be like a Park for teenagers.
We select some members every year and we put them to work with the machinery.
Instead of sending them to Third World we sent them to the wild world world.
They made great apps working with the municipal employees.
Their task is to show the possibilities of today's technology.
You know Al Allen.
It's a community in the city of Boston.
So here it appears as if you look for a quote, but what you really look for is somebody pulls it out of your snow because you know that it's not very good at getting innocent when it's covered by a meter of snow.
How did it come to ask me to help this sort of supermarket?
Last year in Boston had a team of members of "The Forest Forever.
They were there in February, and at that moment I was born much last year.
They realized that the city would never cut these storms.
But one of the members called Erik Microsoft, I noticed something else that citizens were going to be completely completely driving the sidewalks right in front of them.
So it made as any good programmer, developed an app.
It's a nice application where you can adopt a strand.
You accept to wipe it when you're going.
When you do that, you put a name, in this case you put it.
If you don't do it, someone can reduce.
I mean, it has a logical component.
It's a modest application.
Maybe it's the smallest of the 21 applications on the last year.
But it does something that no other government technology comes in.
And it spreads viral form.
A responsible for systems from the city of Hollywood when you see this app realized that I could use, not for the snow, but for citizens to adopt suits of tsunami.
It's very important that they work these sizes of tsunami, but people are stealing the batteries.
That's why I ask citizens to control them.
And then Seattle.
And Chicago just launched it to make people record to clean sidewalks when they were born.
So now we know about nine cities that plan using it.
And this has been spread out without fraction, organic and natural.
If you know a little bit of government technology, you know that this doesn't happen.
software acquisition is usually a couple of years.
Last year in Boston, we had a team working on a project that required three people for two and a half months.
It was a tool so that parents could choose the best public school for their children.
Then they told us that the normal channels would have taken at least two years and cost about two million dollars.
And that's not anything.
Now there's a project in the village of California that until the moment has spent 2,000 million dollars and doesn't work.
And there are projects like this in every level of government.
So an app that is program in a couple of days and distributed in viral form is a kind of a urge to admire the government institution.
It keeps government better ways to work, not as in private companies, as many people think it should be.
Not as a technological company, but rather like the Internet.
I mean, without resilience, open and generous.
And that's important.
But the most important thing about this application is that it represents how to address the question of government that has the new generation, not as a problem of an ancient institution but as a problem of collective action.
And that's very good because it turns out we are very good for collective action with digital technology.
And there's a very large community of people who are building the tools so that we work together with efficiency.
And it's not just "The American Force Forever, but there are hundreds of people around the country that will contribute with civic apps every day in their own communities.
They've never been given to the government.
They feel a big frustration to that, but they don't complain out, they fix it.
And these people know something that we've lost view.
And it is that if we leave the feelings about politics, the line in the DNA -- and all of those other things that make us crazy, the government is essentially in the words of Tim Okapi, "What we do together because we can't do it."
Now, many people have abandoned government.
If you're one of those people, I asked you to remember it, because things are changing.
Politics doesn't change, government itself.
And because the government ultimately went from us -- remember that from "We -- the population? The way we think will affect the way to produce change.
I didn't know a lot of government when I started with this.
And as a lot of people thought that the government was in choosing people to take care of them.
Well, after two years I've come to the conclusion that the government is about, especially of Bangladesh.
This is the telephone attention center of services and information.
It is the place that you tie the calls if you hit 33 in America.
I rented this call.
I broke "Green, in the base of official knowledge.
I found nothing. It started with animal control.
And he finally said, "Hey, you can open the door of the house, put very strong music and see if it is?
And it worked. So well for Stone.
But that wasn't the end of the gang.
Barry doesn't have a call center.
It has an app and web and mobile phone called "The Conservation Consent.
We didn't program that application.
It was the work of very smart people in the Office of New Zealand Cross Medical.
One day, this really happened to come up with this question, "Greek on my balloon cloud. I don't know if it's dead.
How do I do to get it?
The display of "The Tediest is different.
Scott was talking in person.
In "The Consent County it's all public, so you can all see this.
In this case, he saw a neighbor.
The next report said, "I went to the place, found the barrel corner behind the house.
Cold, Yes. Video: Yes.
I went home. I went home.
Good night, ball charge."
Pretty simple.
This is great. It's the discussion of the digital and the physical thing.
And it's also a great example of the income of government income to distributed volunteer collaboration.
But it's also a great example of government as a platform.
And here I don't necessarily mean the technological definition of platform.
I talk about a platform for people to be married and help others.
So one citizen helped another but here the government had a key role.
I get to two people.
And you could have connected to the government services of being needed, but the neighbor is a better alternative and cheaper alternative than government services.
When a neighbor helps another, they make the communities.
If we call the animal control, it costs a lot of money.
One important thing we need to think about government is that it's not the same thing that politics.
A lot of people understand it, but think one is the input of the other.
Our entry to the government system is the vote.
How many times you've chosen a political leader, sometimes we spend a lot of energy to choose a new political leader and then we hope that the government reflects our values and support our needs but then we don't see changes.
That's because government is like an immense ocean, and politics is the surface of 15 feet.
So that's why we call biologists.
And we say that word with a lot of contempt.
But it is that desert that keeps that that belongs to us that we finance as something that operates on our against us, that other thing, and we are losing power.
People believe politics is sexy.
If we want this institution to work, we have to make the bureaucracy sexy.
Because it's where the real government worker happens.
We have to collaborate with the government machine.
Does that make the October movement.
Have you seen it?
It's a group of conceptual citizens who have written a very detailed report of 325 pages in response to the Search point of the financial reform project.
That's not political activity, it's a bureaucratic activity.
And for those of us that we've gone back to the government, it's time that we ask what world we want to leave our children.
You have to see the huge challenges that they will have to face.
Do you really think we get to where we have to go without solving the institution that can act in behalf of all of you?
We can't preserve government, we need to be more effective.
The good news is that with technology is possible to be able to rethink the function of government so that it can expand interactive civil society.
There's a generation that grows up with the Internet and knows that it's not so hard to act on the sales -- you just need to articulate the systems in the right way.
The average age of our members is 28 so I am, to replace, I'm a bigger generation than many of them.
This is a generation that has grown up to take the word and give it almost for granted.
They're not giving that battle that we all face on who is going to talk about, everybody's going to talk.
They can express their opinions in any channel at the same time and they do.
So when you face the government problem, you don't care a lot to make your voices heard.
They're using your hands.
They put hands to the work to program applications that make the government better.
And those applications allow us to use the hands to improve our communities.
It can be cleaned up a hydrogen, taking a standard standard, put a cup of garbage that has a band inside.
Since then, we could always have clean those holes, and many people do it.
But these applications are such a digital reminder that we're not only consumers -- we're not just government consumers that we pay taxes and get services.
We are more than that, we are citizens.
And we're not going to fix government until we don't fix the city.
So I want to ask all the present, when it comes to the important things that we have to do together, all together, will we be a violence of voices, or will we be a military hand.
Thank you.
This is for me a real honor.
I've spent most of the time in jails and prisons and on death care.
I've spent most of my life in marginal communities, projects and places where there's a lot of despair.
And to be here at TED watching and hearing these statistics have given me a lot of energy.
One of the things I've noticed in this short time, is that TED has identity.
And the things that say here are impact around the world.
In fact, if something comes from TED, it makes a sense and a force that would not have in another way.
I think that because I think identity is really important.
Here's fantastic presentations.
And I think we've learned that a teacher words can make a lot of sense, but if you teach them with feeling, you can have special meaning.
A doctor can do good things, it is careful, it can do much more.
So I want to talk about the power of identity.
I actually didn't learn this in the price of the right, my job.
I learned from my grandmother.
I grew up in a traditional house of a American family, dominated by a matrix, which was my grandmother.
It was hard, it was strong, it was power.
It was the last word in every discussion in the family.
She started a lot of the documents in our home.
It was a daughter of people who had been slaves.
His parents were born in the slavery in Virginia about 1850.
She was born about 1850 and his experience with slavery as I saw the world.
She was hard, but it was also lovely.
When I was a little and looked at her, she came up to me and gave me a good hug to me.
I was so strong that I could barely breathe, and then I was stressfully.
One or two hours later, I went back and looked at me and said, "Applant, still feel my army?
And if I told him that no, I woke up again and if I said yes, I left in peace.
I had this human quality that I would always want to be near it.
The only problem is that I had 10 children.
My mother was at least 10.
In fact, when I was going to spend a time with her, it wasn't easy to capture his time and his attention.
My cousins were running everywhere.
I remember when I was eight, nine years old, I went to the room, and I went to the room, and they were running all my cousins.
My grandmother was on the other side of the room and looked at me.
At first, I thought it was a game.
So I looked at it and I kept her, but she was very serious.
After 15 or 20 minutes, she got up the room, he took me out of his hand and said, "You know, Brazil. The two are going to be convinced."
I remember this as if I was yesterday.
I never forget it.
He took me outside and said, "It's going to tell you something, but you can't say to anybody you."
I said, "Okay, Mandela.
She said, "You know not to do it." I said, "Star."
Then I sat down, I looked at me and said, "I want you to know I've been watching you."
And he said, "I think you're special.
He said, "I think you can do what you want.
I never forget it.
Then he said, "I want you to make me three things: Brazil.
I said, "Listen, Man."
And he said, "What first I want you to do is you always want your mother."
He said, "The terms is my dragon, and you have to make it to always take care of it."
As I loved my mom, I said, "Yes, Man, so I'll do it."
Then he said, "I'm second that I want you to get trouble is that you will always do the right though the right thing is the hard thing.
I thought about it and I said, "Yes, Man." So I would do it."
Then he finally said, "The third thing I want you to do is you never drink alliance.
I was nine years old, and I said to him, "Yes, Man, so I'll do it."
I grew up in the field, in the Southern South, I have a brother a year older and a sister a year.
When I was 14 or 15, one day my brother came home with a six beer package -- I don't know where I was the steel, he opened up my sister and me, and we went to the forest.
We just got to do the lowest ones.
He took a beer season, I offered my sister, she took a little bit and offered me to me.
I said, "No, no, no. It's okay. You know, but I'm not going to take beer.
My brother said, "I do do it. And you always do the same thing that we do.
And I already took something, your sister also looks like a blog.
I said, "No, I'm not going to feel good. You can follow it."
Then my brother looked at me.
And he said, "What do you do?" Do you take a climate?
And I kept looking at it with force and continued, "Oh, not to be you're thinking about the conversation with Mamma.
I said, "But what are you talking about?"
He said, "I tell all the grandchildren that are special?
I was driving it.
I have to admit something to you.
I'll tell you something that probably shouldn't say.
I know this will spread widely away.
But I'm 52 years old, and I can admit that I've never taken a drop of alcohol.
I don't say this thinking that it's a virtual vision, I say it by the power that the identity.
When we create the right kind of identity, we say things to others who really don't see it sense.
We can't get them to do things that don't think we can do.
I think my grandmother didn't think all of his grandchildren were special.
My grandfather had been ready during the promoting one.
My years died of diseases related to alcohol, right?
And these were the things that we had to do.
Now, I'll try to talk about our criminal justice system.
This country is today very different than it was 40 years ago.
In 1975, there were 300 pressures.
There are 2.5 million.
In America, we have the largest incarceration rate of the world.
We have seven million people in parole.
And this massive income, in my view, has changed fundamentally our world.
In poor or black communities, they find so much disappear, so much despair, determined by these facts.
One in three black black between the 18 and the 30 years is in jail or in religious freedom.
In the urban communities of all over the country, the Angeles, Philadelphia, Ballan, Washington, from 50 to 60 percent of all young people in color are in jail.
Our system is not just distorted in front of race, it's also about poverty.
In this country we have a judicial system that is a lot better if you're rich and guilty that if you're poor and innocent it.
It's not calculating, but wealth.
And it seems very quiet.
The policy of fear and the phrase makes us believe that these are not trouble problems.
We are decorative.
I look interesting.
We're looking at our work some very curious development.
In my state in Alabama as well as in other states, you get out of rights forever, if you have a pedestrian condition.
Right now in Alabama, 34 percent of the black male population has lost the right to vote.
And if we project it to the next 10 years, the loss of rights loss will be as strange as it was before they were to squeeze the law of the right to vote.
We have this amazing silence.
I represent children.
So many of my customers are very young.
America is the only country in the world where it's self-described kids to die in prison.
We have this prison country for children, no chance to go out of it.
We're in the process of some little liberals.
The only country in the world.
It represents people in death care.
This issue of death penalty is interesting.
In some sense, we've been taught to think that the final question is, people deserve to die for the crimes of community?
A very sensitive question.
But you can think about how we are in our identity.
There's another way to look at it, it's not about deciding whether people deserve to die for the crimes, but if we deserve to kill.
This is interesting.
death penalty in America is defined by mistake.
Of every nine people who are extended, they have identified one that is innocent and liberated from death care.
An error rate, amazing, an innocent of every nine.
This is interesting.
And in aviation wasn't allowed to catch airplanes if every single nine that they were leaving, you would have to be studying.
But somehow we get rid of the problem.
It's not our problem.
It's not our charge.
It's not our struggle.
I talk a lot about these things.
I talk about race and this issue of whether we can kill it.
It's interesting that in my classes with students about anti-control history, I talk about slavery.
I talk about terrorism, the time I started at the end of the rebuilding and that lasted to the Second World War.
We really don't know a lot of this.
But for black Americans in this country, it was a time defined by terror.
In many communities, people were afraid of being limitation.
They worried about being bombarded.
The threat of terror was what they define their lives.
Now there are older people who come up to me and say to me, "Mr. Stevenson, you say talks -- it takes a speech to the people who stop saying that in our history we were at the first time with terrorism after the 1850s.
They ask me to say, "No." I say we grew up with that."
The era of the terror, obviously, with the search and decades of racial substances and separate.
In this country we have a dynamic that we don't like to talk about our problems.
We don't like to talk about our story.
And this is why we haven't understood the meaning of what we've ever done.
All the time we talk about with each other.
We basically create tensions and conflict.
It costs us to talk about race. I think it's because we're not willing to engage with a real and reconstruction process.
In South Africa, people understood that they couldn't overcome racial sequence without a commitment to truth and reconciliation.
In Rwanda, even before the genocide had this commitment, but in this country we haven't done it.
I was in Germany giving talks about death penalty conversations.
It was fascinating because one of the teachers stood after my presentation and said, "You know, it's really concerned to listen to what you say.
He said, "We have no death penalty in Germany.
We can never have it here.
The room stayed in silence, and a lady said, "There is no way with our history, we can never get in the systematic death of human beings.
It would be irrational that we are, integrated and supporting it -- we were going to bring people to expand.
Think about this.
How would we feel in a world where a nation like Germany would take to people, especially if they were in their most Jewish guys?
We couldn't tolerate it.
It was infected.
And yet, there's this decline.
And I think our identity is in danger.
If we don't really worry about these very difficult issues, the positive and wonderful things are -- though, they get it.
We love innovation.
We are fascinated with technology. We worship creativity.
We love entertainment.
But lately -- those reality are overwhelmed by suffering, abuse -- density, manager.
In my opinion, you need to integrate both things.
We talk about the need to have more hope, more engagement, more depressed with the basic challenges of this complex world.
I think that means to spend more time thinking and talk about the poor, the descends, the ones that will never come to TED.
Think about them is, in a way, something that is within our being.
It's true that we have to believe in issues that we haven't seen.
So, despite being so rational, so committed to the intellectual thing.
With innovation, development comes not only about brain ideas.
These things come from ideas as well as the conventions of the heart.
This connection of the mind with the heart is what drives us not only in the brilliant and stranger, but also the dark and the hard.
Vanch Hands, the great child leader talked about this.
He said, "When we were in East Europe suffer the opposite, we wanted all sorts of things, but mainly what we needed was hope, orientation for the spirit -- a willingness to be in the site of despair and the statement.
Well, that orientation for the spirit is pretty much in the heart of what I think, that even in communities like TED, should be committed.
There is no understanding of the technology and design that allows us to be truly human if we don't pay attention to poverty, to expression, to inequality, to injustice.
Now I want to warn you that these thoughts make a much more challenging identity than if we ignore these things.
Let's find them.
I had the great privilege being a very young lawyer of meeting Ron Parkinson.
These women were just gathered to speak.
Okay, my lady called me to say, "The Park country. We're going to meet you to speak.
Do you want to come and listen to it?
And I said, "I'm laughing. I want to do."
And she said, "Well, and what do you do when you get to go?
I said, "The member of it.
So I went and I just heard them.
It was very lifeliness, very embarrassing.
And in an occasion, I was there, listening to these days, and after a couple of hours, Mr. Parkinson's went down to me and said, "Hey, Brian she showed it is that idea of equal justice.
Do you know what you're trying to do.
And I started to give me my speech.
I said, "Well, we're trying to question the intervention.
We try to help those who have been constantly continuously.
We try to control prejudice and discrimination in the administration of criminal justice.
We tried to end with the sentences of life, without parole.
We try to do something about death penalty now.
We try to reduce the population in prisons.
We try to end up with the mass income.
I gave it all my best speech, and when I ended up I looked at me and said, "I love my mustard.
And he said, "Look advance, very advertising.
At that time, Mr. Carl got over, put my finger on the face and said, "It's why you have to be very, very bad.
I think actually, the TED community has to be much more volunteer.
We have to figure out how to tackle those challenges, those problems, that suffering.
Because finally humanity depends on compassion for others.
I've learned some very simple things in my work.
I've been educated in simple things.
I have come to understand and believe that each of us is higher to the worst thing we have done.
I think that's true for everybody on the planet.
I'm convinced that if someone says a lie, it's not because it's a minister.
I'm sure if someone takes something that doesn't belong to you, it's not that it's a land.
Even if someone kills another, it's not that it's a killer.
So I think there's a basic dignity in people who must be respected by law.
I also think that in many parts of this country and certainly in many parts of the world, the opposite to poverty is not the wealth.
That's not.
I really think that in many parts of the opposite of poverty is justice.
And finally, I think that even though it's very dramatic -- very beautiful, very encouraging, very strange, it doesn't judge us by our technology, for our design, not for our intellectual or rational capacity.
They finally judge the character of a society, not because of the way to treat rich, powerful and privilege, but by the way to treat poor people, contacts, pressures.
Because it's in this context as we start to understand really profound issues about what we are.
Sometimes I feel democratic -- I'm going to end with a story.
Sometimes I do too much force.
I was tired, like all.
Sometimes those ideas are beyond my reactions in a important way.
I've been representing these kids who have been sentints with a lot of doring.
I go to prison, and I see my customers from 13 and 14 years old, who have been accounting to get them as adults.
And I start thinking, how can it be?
How can a judge turn someone in what isn't it?
The judge makes it as adults, but I see a child.
A night very late I was awake of thinking, "Look, if the judge can become something that you're not, you should have magical powers.
Yes, Brazil, the judge has magical powers.
You should ask some of that.
As it was very late, I couldn't think correctly, but I started working on a fly.
I had a 14 year-old client -- a little, poor child.
I started working on the mountain, with a supermarket who said, "Look for my 14-year-old black client is treated as a privilege of 75 years, an ancestor of a corporate?
In the movement I put that there had been embedded in the acceleration, in the behavior of the police and in the process.
There was an abandoned line about how in this country there is no ethical but a whole lack of ethics in this country.
The next morning, I woke up thinking about that inspiration moving to be a dream or really written it?
For my horror, I didn't only have it, but I had sent it to the court.
It was about two months, I had forgotten it.
And I finally decided, "Oh my God, I have to go to the cut for this stupid case.
I went to the car, and I felt really advanced, overwhelming me.
I went in the car in the ring.
I thought this would be very difficult and cute.
I finally left from the car. I walked on the ring.
I was going to go up the stairs when I met a bigger black man, was the advice of the judgment.
When he looked at me, I came up and said, "What is you?"
I said, "I'm a lawyer, he said, "You're going to be addicted? I said yes.
And so I went down and I opened up.
And I used to be in the ear.
He said, "I'm proud of you."
I have to tell you now that that was vision.
That's deeply connected to my inside, with my identity with the ability that we all have to contribute to the community with a vision of hope.
Well, I went into the audience room.
When I walked in, the judge saw me.
And he said, "Mr. Steven, you wrote this months movement?
I said, "Yes, Mr. I went to you, and we started discussing it.
People started to come in. Everybody was infected.
I was the one who had written those madness.
They came up with the cops the adventure frames, the alternatives.
Suddenly, without knowing how, the room was full of people. We all farmed because we talked about race because we talked about poverty, because we talked about inequality.
With the store of the eye I got to see the advice that I went and came out.
I looked at the window and helpful it to hear all that free.
I would walk for here and there.
Finally, this old black old man, with a surgical face, came in the room and sat behind me, almost at the landscape table.
Ten minutes later, the judge says a memory.
During the rest of the second one angle of the second was shown because the council had entered the room.
The driver is advanced about the old black.
And he said, "When do you do in the author room?
And the old black man stood up, looked at the airplane, he looked at me and said, "Tell this room of audiences to tell this young man who keeps his view on the teacher with empathy."
I've come to TED today, because I think many of you understand that the moral arc of the universe is very large, but it was stranged to justice.
That we can't be truly human evolved if we don't care about human rights and dignity.
That our survival is linked to each other.
That our views of technology, design, entertainment and creativity must lead to frameworks, compassion and justice.
And above all, to those of the people who share this, I just want to tell you that they keep sight in the goal with stranger.
Thank you very much.
Chris Anderson: You just hear and see a desire of the audience, from this community, to help in your purposes of doing something.
Something that is not a chart. What can we do?
BJ: There are several close opportunities.
If you live in the state of California, for example, there will be a refrigerator this spring.
For example, here in California, they are going to spend a billion dollars in death penalty in the next five years.
And despite this, the 47 percent of the cases of hackers don't conclude in arrests.
The 58 percent of rapes don't get nowhere.
Here's a chance of change.
This refrigerator is going to propose these funds to make it turn the law, to security.
I think there's a very close opportunity.
CA: There has been a huge waste in crime in the United States, in the last three decades.
Part of the explanation is that it has to do with the largest incarceration rate.
What would you say to those who think it is?
BJ: Actually, the rate of violence with violence has remained relatively stable.
The big mass growth in this country is not about violence.
It's the wrong war against drugs.
This is why this dramatic increase comes in the street population.
And we let us convince the report of the catches.
We have three legal causes to bring people to personal chain, to steal a bicycle, by small crimes against property -- instead of making those resources to their victims.
I think we have to do more to help the victims of criminals and not less.
It seems to me that our current philosophy on the punishment does nothing for anyone.
I think that's the orientation that has to change.
CA: Branda, you've excited about us today here.
You're very inspiring.
Thank you very much for having come to TED. Thank you.
Fail, grow the threats by the death of Bin Laden.
Four 2: Having in Somalia, Lake 3: The police launched particular gas.
Fear 4: Corporation with a fish finally, Congress football.
Second 3. social Decomputer. Land 7, 65 dead.
Larry 8,000 team, Langley Nine, Cellulator.
Several little farms, war to the massive destruction of mass destruction.
Really Bank Jambor French, Egypt, Sieldency.
Chance. Death. disaster.
Oh, my God!
Peter Dictators. These are just some of the clips that I got in the last six months, and they could certainly be the last six days or the last six years.
The idea is that the media of press prefer to provide negative news, because our minds are paying attention.
And that responds to a very good reason.
In every second of every day our senses get many more data than probably the brain can process.
And as nothing matters more than survive, the first step of all those data is an ancient fragment of the temporal lobe called ancient.
The amygdala is our early warning detector -- the danger detector.
And and and recorded all of the information looking for something in the environment that could make us harm.
So from a dozen stories we prefer to look at the negatives.
That old picture of the press, "If there's blood, sells -- it's very true.
And because all digital devices give us negative news, the seven days of the week, 24 hours a day, it's not surprising that we are pressing.
Not surprising that people think the world goes wrong in worse.
But maybe not.
Maybe in change, what really happens is that we get distances.
Maybe the huge progress made in the last century for a series of forces is speeding out so that we have the potential to create a world of abundance in the next three decades.
I'm not saying that we don't have our good problems, the climate change, the extension of species, the scarcity of water and energy, without doubt we have them.
As human beings, we are very good at cutting the problems and at the end, we just ended up with them.
So we then happened in the last century to see where we go.
In the last hundred years, the average life has more than doubled, average income per capita lung per inflation has been tripled.
Child mortality has reduced 10 times.
Also, the cost of food, of electricity, of transportation and communications -- has fallen from 10 to 1,000 times.
Scott Pittsburgh showed us that we're living the most peaceful time in human history.
And Charles Kennedy that global literacy went from 25 percent to more than 80 percent of the last 130 years.
We're really living an extraordinary time.
A lot of people forget it.
And we continue to get higher expectations.
In fact, we redefined the meaning of poverty.
Think about the United States, a lot of people who live under the poverty line have electricity, water, toilets, reproduction, television, air conditioning and cars.
The balloon weapons of the course of the past century, the emperor planes of the planet, never would have been dreamed of such pigs.
So a lot of this is technology and slowly, its exponential growth.
My good friend Ray Kurzweil showed that any tool that drops in information technology took up in this curve, Moore's Law and doubling the price of price in about 12 to 24 months.
So the mobile phone that you have in the pocket is a million times cheaper and 1,000 times faster than a supermarket in the '70s.
Now look at this curve.
It's Moore's Law for the last hundred years.
I want you to look at two things in this curve.
First, the soft thing that it is, in good and bad times, in war and peace, in recession, in depression, in detail.
It's the fast computers of computers to build faster computers.
They don't stop any of the big challenges.
And although it's graffiti in a law on the left, it goes up to the top.
The growth rate of technology is itself faster and faster.
And in this curve, at the diamond of Moore's Law -- there's a series of extraordinarily powerful technologies that we today.
The computing in the cloud, that my friends in cars called infinite computing, sensors and networks and sensors and networks -- the 3D printing and its ability to democratize and distributed personalized production across the planet -- synthetic biology, forms and food, the marketing and the INC.
I mean, how many saw the victory in George Berlin, from IBM:
It was little.
I looked at the newspapers the best headline that I would have.
And I love this one: "The version of human options.
Jerusale is not a easy game.
I meet with the materials of human language.
Imagine this artificial intelligence in the cloud, available to everyone in the phone.
Four years ago, Ray Kurzweil and I launched a new university called September University.
We taught these technologies to our students, and in particular, how they can be used to solve the great challenges of humanity.
And every year we asked them to launch a company, or a product or service or service, that can physically affect the lives of a billion people in a decade.
Think about that, the fact that a group of students today can impact a billion people.
Thirty years ago, that would have been advanced sleep.
Today we can stop a dozen companies that have already done it.
When I think about creating anti-control, it doesn't mean to create luxury life for every single device of the planet, it's about creating a life of the possible.
It's about taking that thing that is scarce and building it out.
You see, the scarcity is context, and technology is a force that releases resources.
I'll give you an example.
It's a story from National IPC in the middle of 1800.
He's the guy on the left.
He invited the king of Sieldency.
The Christmas troops start with plastic covers, and the same National country, with gold corners.
But San Sieldeng ate with aluminum covers.
You see, the aluminum was the most valuable metal in the planet, more than gold and plant.
That's why the tip of the monument to Washington is attacked.
You see, even though the aluminum is 81 percent of the mass of the Earth, it doesn't come as pure metal.
It's bound by oxygen and symbols.
But then the electricity came up and made the add something so cheap that we use it as if it was defailing.
We put this analogy into the future.
Let's think about energy scarcity.
Ladies and gentlemen, we're on a planet in a planet in a planet that is a flower for 5,000 times more energy than we use in a year.
They go to the Earth 16 hours of energy every 80 minutes.
It's not about spark, but of action.
And there are good news.
This year, for the first time, the cost of solar energy in India is 50 percent percent of the generation of the generation, 8,000 rupees, sold 17 rains.
The cost of solar energy is 50 percent last year.
Last month, MIT published a study that shows that at the end of the decade, in the Syrian parts of the United States, solar electricity costs six cents a hour per hour compared to the 15 cents of the national average.
And if we have energy abundance we also have water ambiguity.
Let's talk about the wars in the water.
Remember when Carl San took the Voyager spacecraft to the Earth, in 1990, after it happened Santa."
I got a famous picture. How did he call it?
"A clothing point.
Because we live in a planet of water.
We live in a planet that's covered by 70 percent of water.
Yes, the 97,000 is water water, the two percent is ice, and we fight over 4,000 percent of the water in the planet, but there's a hope.
It's a technology available not in 10 or 20 years, but right now.
It comes out of nanotechnology, the bankings.
In a conversation with Dean Kandar this morning, one of the innovators of the Brazilian -- I'd like to share with you, he gave me permission to do it, his technology called Shanghai --  you know, it's the size of a small refugee.
It's able to generate a thousand water liters on the day of any source -- saving water, contaminated water, for less than two cents a gallon.
The president of Carolina just agreed to make a major test of hundreds of these units in the developing world.
If that comes out okay, and I have full confidence in which it will be, Coca-Cola would implement it in 200 countries on the planet.
This is an innovation that is driven by this technology that there is today.
And we've seen it in the mobile phones.
My God, we're going to reach 70 percent of the mobile people in the developing world in the end of 2013.
think, that mass warrior has better mobile communications in the middle of Kenya than President Reagan 25 years ago.
And, of course, with a smartphone with Google, has access to more knowledge and information than President Clinton 15 years ago.
It lives in a world of abundance of information and communications that nobody could have predicted before.
Better than that, the things that you and I have paid tens and hundreds of thousands of dollars --  -- video -- video, video, books of books and music, medical diagnostic technology, now are confident and losing market value with mobile phones.
Maybe the best thing to get when the health applications.
Last month, I had the pleasure to announce with the Foundation Machine Foundation called the X Prize We Developed Theater, 10 million dollars.
We're challenging the teams in the world to combine these technologies in a mobile device that they talk, and because it has IBM, you can take it, you can extract blood from the finger.
To win it has to make better diagnosis.
Imagine this device in the middle of the developing world where there are no doctors, where the death charges is 25 percent, and there are 1,000 of health workers.
When this device sequence a virus from RNA or DNA that didn't recognize -- called the health income, and first of all, to avoid that the pandemic happens.
But this is the biggest force to produce a world of abundance world.
I call it the billion.
The white lines here are the population.
We just spent the mark of the seven billion.
By the way, the best protection against democratic explosion is to give the world of education and health.
In 2010, we had less than two billion people online, connected.
By 2020, going from two billion to five billion Internet users.
Three billion minds never before the global conversation.
What do these people?
What do we do? What do you want to have?
And instead of an economic collapse we'll have the largest economic invention of history.
These people represent tens of billions of dollars injected in the global economy.
And it was more health for the Theater, from a better education with the King Academy and because of the use of 3D printing and computing in the cloud will be more productive than ever before.
What can you provide about three billion more members of humanity, educated and productive health?
What about some voices never before you?
What if we give them the approach, wherever they are, a voice to be heard and able to act for the first time?
What would these three billion?
What if they're contributing that we can't predict it?
One thing I learned with the X Prize is that small equipment, guided by their passion with a clear goal, they can do extraordinary things, things that could only do the great corporations and the governments.
I'm going to end by sharing a story that really excites me.
There's a program that maybe some of them already know.
It's called Ford.
I went at the University of Washington, in Seattle.
It's a game where people can take a sequence of amino amino amino and figure out how to get the protein.
Plants determine structure and function.
It's really important in medical research.
And so far, it was a subject problem.
They've played with this university teachers, among others.
Then hundreds of thousands of people used and started playing.
And it's been shown that today the recognition machinery of human patterns is better to get proteins than the best computers.
Ladies and gentlemen, what gives me a huge trust in the future is that we have more power as people to bring the big challenges on the planet.
We have the tools with this exponential technology.
We have the passion of the invention of the brain.
We have the capital of the terrorism.
And we have three billion new minds that are being used to work on the solution of big challenges and do what we should do.
We have a few extraordinary decades.
Thank you.
I'm going to talk about a very small idea.
The cost of the participation point.
And as the idea can explain in a minute, I will give you three examples to make time.
The first story is about Charles Darwin, one of my heroes.
He was here, as you know, in 1858.
Maybe they thought it was purple pollution, but it wasn't like that.
They actually collect fish.
And I described one of them as very "completely.
It was the look.
It took it too much to the 1930s.
Now the fish is at the Red list.
But we've heard this story a lot of times, about Galapagos and other places, so that doesn't have any special species.
But the case is that we still come to the Galapagos.
We still think they're private.
The faces still say they keep intact.
So what happens here?
The second story also illustrates another concept, the fate of content.
Because I was there in 1975, studying a laptop in West Africa.
I was there because I grew up in Europe, and then I wanted to work in Africa.
I thought I could integrate it.
I got a lot of the sun and I was convinced that I wasn't there.
This is my first exhibition to the sun.
The gang was surrounded with parameters, and as you can see, of some manipulations.
There were a tricky thing about 20 centimeters a black bar.
And the fish of this television was very advanced and went for a good time, so it was won more than half in Ghana.
When I was there 27 years later, the amount of fish had gone down at half.
He killed the five centers.
They had a genetic pressure.
There were still fish.
In a way, they were still happy.
And the fish were still happy to be there.
And it's nothing to change, but everything has changed.
My third story is that I was crossing in the introduction of the stream fishing in Southeast Asia.
In the 1970s, I started in the 1930s, Europe made a lot of development projects.
The fishing development continued to impose countries that already had 100,000 feet, imagine industrial fishing.
And this boat, pretty ugly, is called the March four.
I went out to fish in it, and we did studies in the south of the Medical China Sea and especially in the Japan Sea.
What we captured was something incorporated about it.
We said, now I know, the bottom of the sea.
Ninety percent of what we capture was display, other animals who are at the bottom.
And most fish are a little bit like a little bit of a little bit about responses, which are a fish of coral reef fish.
In short, the sea bottom came to the cover and then was a stranger.
These images are extraordinary, because transition is very fast.
In one year, you do a study and then start the commercial fish.
The bottom goes from being a solid flow of liquid coral coral in this case, to be a landscape.
This is a dead train.
They didn't eat them. They signed them because they were dead.
Once we captured a living one.
I still wasn't scared.
Then they wanted to kill it because it was a good food.
This resident mountain is what the fishermen recorded every time you go to a area where you've never fish.
But it's not documented.
We changed the world, but we don't remember it.
We took the price point, at the new level, without remembering what was there.
So if we generalize this happening something like this.
On the axis, we have good things, biodiversity -- lots of operations, the green of the country, the water supply.
And that changes over time. It changes because people do things with nature.
Each generation uses the images to take the beginning of their conscious life as the normal and the extraordinary thing down.
The difference is that they perceive loss.
But they don't perceive the loss that happened before.
You can analyze the amount of changes.
And at the end to keep a few feedback missions.
And that, in large measure, we want to do it now.
We want to keep things that are no longer what they were.
But you should think that this problem affects people when predictions are killing animals without knowing what they've done to some generations later.
Because obviously, an animal that is very advanced, before extinction is quite remarkable.
You don't lose analogy animals.
You lose little animals.
Even if this is not perceived as a big loss.
Over time, we focus on big animals, and in a certain sea season.
They become little surprise because we fight.
Over time you have a few fish, but we think that's the particular point.
And the question is, why do we accept this?
Well, because we don't know that it was different.
In fact, a lot of people, scientists, question that it was very different.
And they will do it because the evidence presented in a previous way is not the way they expect to have the evidence.
For example, the anecdote that some of them, as I captain like that, and so a lot of fish in this area can't be used or, usually you don't use the science of the fish, because it's not "computer?
So we have a situation where people don't know the past, even though we live in insection societies, because they don't trust the sources of the past.
Hence the huge role that can lead a protected marine area.
Because with protected marine areas, we really remember the past.
We remember the past that people can't be able to conceive because the bottom point has collapsed and it's extremely low.
That's for the people who can see a protected marine area and they can benefit from the vision that provides it, which allows them to erase their particular point.
And what about people who can't do it because they don't have access to the Middle East, for example?
I think there are arts and movie maybe you can fill the vacuum.
This is a simulation from the Chefa Barry.
A long time ago, there were gray whales at the Bay Bay Bay Sea 500 years ago.
And you'll have noticed that the materials and the tracks are like "man.
And if you think of "The Personally, if you think why people were confronted with the movie -- I would talk about the story of Pakistan, why are you going to meet the images?
Because it prevents something that in a sense, in a sense, has been lost.
So my recording -- the only thing I will do, is Cambridge, to make Edward IPC, under water.
Thank you very much.
Hi. I'm Kevin Alabama, the Home trend manager and I look at YouTube videos in professional ways.
It's true.
So we're going to see why video videos make viruses and how important it is.
We all want to be stars, celebration, sanitation, commons. When I was younger, that seemed something very, very difficult.
But today the web video makes any of us or our actions, or our actions, networks in a part of our global culture.
Anybody can do it on the Internet in a supermarket.
Over 48 hours of video to YouTube per minute.
And of those, only a little percentage of it is made viral -- it gets infinite of visitors and giving cultural money.
How does that happen?
Three things: creation of trends and position communities and surprise.
Okay.
Ben Roman: Oh my God, God my God.
Oh my God!
Wow.
Gill: Goldian.
KA: So last year, Mr. Barbara published this video film outside his house in the National Park.
In 2010, it was seen 23 million times.
This graph shows the reproduction in the popular point of the summer.
Benki didn't want to make a viral video.
I just wanted to share a double ice army.
That's what you do if you're called Minister Mountain Beach.
So I've already published many videos of nature.
This video had been published in January.
So what happened here?
It was Jimmy King.
Jimmy King published this tsunami that had been cardinal to the population.
The trends of trends like Jimmy King present us to present new and interesting things and they gave them to a wider audience.
Baby Barbaraz,  It's Friday -- you Friday -- you have to start the Friday,   You all want it to get the weekend.    Voice: Voice: I'll start the Friday,  DHA, I would not think that we could have this conversation without talking about this video, I hope.
"Dead Barry Barry is one of the most popular videos of the year.
They saw it almost 200 million times this year.
This chart shows the frequency of use.
Like "The Egyptian Gore, this video seemed to have come out of nowhere.
So what happened this day?
Well, it was Friday -- it's true.
And if you ask for those other peaks are also voted.
But what happened this day, this particular Friday, right?
Well, I took it Tomorrow, and many blogs started writing about it.
Michael Min Newton, from Michael Society Telescope, was one of the first people to do a joke on the video in Twitter.
But the important thing is that one person or a group of trends of trends adopted a point of view, and they share it with a wider audience, accelerate the process.
So this community of people who share this great internal joke then starts talking about that and doing things.
And now there are 10,000 parasites of "The Head in YouTube.
Just in the first seven days, there was a pill for each of the other days.
Unlike the early 20th century, this community participation is our way to be part of the Harvard phenomenon or doing something new with that?
"The Canology is an animation related to a concrete music.
That's what it is.
This year you saw it about 50 million times.
And if you think that's rare, you know that there's a three hours of three hours that you've seen four million times.
Even the cats saw this video.
And there are cats that saw other cats see the video.
But the important thing here is the creativity that I woke up between the Internet technological community.
There were responses.
Somebody did a version of the old one.
And then he became international people.
Suddenly, it came up a whole community of reference that made this happen from being a dumb joke to something that we can all form part.
Because today we don't just enjoy it, we participate.
Who could have predicted something like this?
Who could have predicted "The Egyptian Google, or Roger Banglade or "No Cate?
What could I have written that I would consider this situation?
In a world where you get two days of video per minute, only that really unique and unexpected can get rid of the way that these things have done it.
When a friend told me that I had to see this big video of a guy who protest against colleagues in New York, I admit that I don't care too much.
Carl Newton, I was scared by not colorful by the boat, but often there are obstacles that will put you circular by the barrier.
KA: Thank you the surprise effect and your humor, Carl Nigeria got five million to see and understand their idea.
So this approach is worth all the new things that we do in creative ways.
And all of this leads to a big question.
Ben Roman: What does this mean?
Oh.
KA: What does this mean?
The transportation creators -- creative communities, participation -- the totally unexpected one, are features of a new kind of media -- a new culture, that we all have access and is the audience that defines popularity to do.
As I said earlier, one of the current celebrities in the world, Justine Bill, started in YouTube.
They didn't pay permission to express their ideas.
We're all a little bit of a little bit of our pop culture.
These are not the characteristics of the old media -- they're just the ones of the current media, but to define the entertainment of the future.
Thank you.
This is not a finished story.
It's a puzzle that is still crops.
Let me tell you about some of the pieces.
Imagine the first piece, a man burning the work of a whole life.
It's a poet, a drug, a man whose entire life had been supported in the only unit of unit and freedom of his country.
So imagine while the communities go into Santa, they were facing the fact that their life had been totally in the ground.
The words for so long friends, for so long friends, now they banked it.
It revealed in silence.
He died for history.
He's my grandfather.
I never met it.
But our lives are much more than our memories.
My grandmother never allowed me to forget his story.
My task was not letting that have been in bed, and my lesson was to learn that the story tried to display it, but we support it.
The next part of the puzzle is about a boat at the window of distribution to the sea.
My mother, Mars, had just 18 years old when his father died, and a marriage continued and two small girls.
To her, life had been destroyed to a task -- the escape of his family and a new life in Australia.
She was uncomfortable for her that I couldn't do it.
And after a four years of four years that challenge the fiction, a boat went down into the frozen sea sea sea.
All adults knew the risks.
The biggest fear was the pilots, rape and death.
Like most adults, my mother had a frame with poison.
If we caught us, we first took my sister and I, and then she and my grandmother.
My first memories are from that boat, the constant rate of the engine, the support of each wave, and the vast and empty horizon.
I don't remember the pilots who came several times, but they were continued with the value of men in our boat, or the engine dying and they can't run for six hours.
But I remember the lights of the oil platform in front of the coast of Malawi, and the young man who collapsed and died, finished the journey was too much for him, and the first apple I was doing, given for the men of the platform.
No apple had the same flavor.
After three months in a refugee field, we would show in Meli.
And the next piece of the puzzle is about four women through three generations to shape a new life together.
We stood in Paradism, a kind of opposite class whose population is comprised of immigrant.
Unlike half the middle class suburbs -- the existence I wanted, in Paradism, there was no sense of the right.
The burders who come from the shops were the rest of the world.
And the French English fragments were introduced by the people who had a common thing, they were starting again.
My mother worked in farms, then on a line of cars of cars, working six days, double trip.
Even so, I found time to study English and get a title at TED.
We were poor.
All the dollars were associated, and he established an extra temperature in English and mathematics -- no matter what it was supposed to get, which was usually rock age, was always a second hand.
Two media pairs for school, one to hide the holes from the other.
A school uniform to the tourists, because I had to spend six years.
And there were weird and painful roofs about the "Lovelap "grades, and some gravity, "The Health.
You know?
One of the things in me is attractive.
He was getting determined and a voice that said, "I'm going to support it."
My mother, my sister and I slept in the same bed.
My mother was except every night, but we tell us about our day and we heard the movements of our grandmother in the house.
My mother suffered nightmare all the boat.
And my task was to be awake until his legs started to be able to wake up.
She opened up a computer store, then I studied to be strategic and opened another business.
And women came with their stories about men who couldn't do the transition and angry, and infected and informed children between two worlds.
They look for subsidies and pharmaceuticals.
And they created centers.
I live in parallel worlds.
In one, it was the classic Asian student -- they implement with what I was demanding from myself.
On the other, it was embedded in private lives, transparent landscapes for violence, drug abuse and all.
But many of them received aid over the years.
And because of that work, when I studied my last year of advantage, I was choosing the young Australian young year.
And I was cardinalizational from a puzzle piece to the other, but his edges didn't fit up.
So Les and an annual resilience of Fords, was now so Lester, refugee and social activity, invited to speak in places that I had never heard about names, and in houses whose existence she'd never imagined.
I didn't know the prototypes.
I didn't know how to use the coasts.
I didn't know how to talk about wine.
I didn't know how to talk about anything.
I wanted to go back to the routine and the comfort of life in an inner South -- a grandmother, a mother and two daughters finished the day as it was done for almost 20 years, telling us about the day of each and standing asleep, the three still in the same bed.
And I told my mom that I couldn't do it.
He reminded me that I had now the same age that she had when we hit the boat.
He had never been an option.
"The adoption said, "I don't know what they don't.
So I talked about juvenile destination and education and description to marriages and assumptions.
And the more frankly I talked about, the more it was to talk about.
I met people from all the paths of life, many of them doing what they love, living in the borders of the possible.
And even though I finished my little bit, I realized that I couldn't stay in a warning race.
I had to have another piece of the puzzle.
And I realized at the same time that it's okay to be an unknown -- a recent reach, new on the scene -- and not only is it right, but it's something that it's going to be grateful, maybe a gift.
Because being inside can easily mean to cure the horizons, it can easily mean to accept the assumptions of your progress.
I spent the enough steps out of my comfort zone to know that, yes, that the world is disconnected, but not the way we fear it.
People who were not allowed to be allowed to be absolutely absolutely advanced.
There was a energy there, an impact optimism, a rare mixture of humility.
So I kept my intuition.
I went to a small group of people for whom the slogan can't be done, it was a reporting challenge.
For a year we didn't have a central.
At the end of every day, I made a giant wave of soup that we all share.
We worked on the night.
Most of our ideas were crazy but some brilliant bright, and we opened up.
I took the decision to move to the U.S.
And I just got a trip.
My heart again.
Three months later I had moved on, and the adventure.
Before I finished, let me tell you about my grandmother.
She grew up in a time where the Confused was the social norm and the local Mandarin was the person who matters.
Life had not changed for centuries.
Her father died shortly after she was born.
The mother was alone.
At 17 it became a connection of a Mandela whose mother was born.
With no support of his husband, it causes a record to demonstrate and carry the cause she itself, and much more remote causes when she was born.
You can't make it prove to be wrong.
He was in the shower in the room of a hotel in Sydney when she died, to 1,000 miles in Meli.
I looked through the memory of the shower and I saw it standing on the other side.
I knew I had come to stop.
My mother called minutes later.
Days later, we went to a Buddhist temple in Carrison, and we sat around his border.
We tell him stories, and we made sure that we were still with it.
The night a monkey came and told us that he had to close the boat.
My mother asked us to follow his hand.
I asked the translator, "Why is your hand happening, and the rest of the body so cold, "What?
"You have taken his hand from the morning, he said.
"You have no speech.
If there's a nerve in our family, that runs through women.
For whom we were and how life would make us, we can now see that the men who had come to our lives would have frustrated us.
Detail was easily advanced.
Now I want to have my own kids, and I wonder about the boat.
Who could tell that for right?
However, I fear the privilege of the easy, of the right.
Can I give you a proposal in their lives, supporting brave in each wave -- the constant rate of the engine, the vast horizon that doesn't guarantee anything?
I don't know.
But if I could give it up and look at them, I would do.
Thirty Nigerians and also the mother of so is now here in the fourth or fifth line.
My story starts in Robert about two years ago.
I was in the desert, under the starch sky, with the singer Saturn Martin.
We were convinced how nothing has changed from the time of ancient exposure "The Machine."
In those days when the Indians wanted to travel down to a car, and we went through the sky.
Now we do it with airplanes.
At that time when Alzheimer's -- the big private warrior pressure, he had a text, she had a bow and a fire to the ground, I got water.
Now we do the same with cards and machines.
The conclusion we took was that the machinery had replaced the magic.
And that really excites me a lot.
Every time I felt a little bit more confident.
I was terrified of this idea of losing the ability to enjoy and appreciate a rainforest if I didn't have the camera, if I couldn't take my friends.
And it seemed to me that the technology had to allow the magic to do not kill it.
As a child, my grandfather gave me his silver silver supply.
And this technological piece of 50 years was to be the most magical thing.
It became a door door to a world full of images and shells and habits in my imagination.
I had the feeling that the mobile phones, the luxury regions and the cameras stop that we go.
Let's take our inspiration out.
That's why I get to this technological world to see how to use it to create magic instead of killing it.
Eighty books since the 16 years.
So when I saw the iPad, I saw a narrative device able to connect the readers of the entire world.
You can know how we take the book.
Where are we?
They take the text with the image, the animation, the sound and the touch.
Natural becomes increasingly military.
But what does that serve us?
I'm about to launch Kibera, an interactive app for iPad.
He says, "You know about every light."
And so   says, "This box is seen? I wrote my name.
And so I become a character of the book.
In several times I get a card -- the icon knows where I live thanks to GPS -- that comes to me.
My inner child was excited with all these possibilities.
I've talked a lot about magic.
And I don't mean magicians and dreams, but the magic of the childhood, to those ideas that we get out of children.
For some reason, fireflies in a jar always became exciting to me.
So over here, we have to look at the iPad.
And actually, you light your way on what the book of the book.
Another idea that fascinated me with a little girl was that all of a galaxy I ran on a bottle.
So here, every book and every world is transformed into a crowd that I would drag towards this magical device, inside the device.
And this opens up a map.
In all books of fantasy have always been maps, but they have been stressed maps.
This is a map that grows up, and it will be driven by the rest of the book.
In certain points of the book also also revealed.
I'm going to go in.
Another hugely important aspect for me is to create Indian content and at the same time.
These are the ones here.
We've all heard of the ones and the angels, but how many people outside India know their Indian controllers, the ones?
These poor people have been trapped in the cameras of India for millennia, in an old book and a book.
So we're bringing them back into a contemporary child story.
In a story that deals with current issues like the environmental crisis.
And talking about the environmental crisis, one of the problems in the last 10 years has been that kids have been buried, paying their Palestine, they haven't come to the outside world.
But now with mobile technology, we can take our kids into the natural world with their technology.
One of the interactions of the book is this adventure where you have to go out on the outside, take the camera or the iPad, and collect images from different natural objects.
As a child, I had a lot of collections -- of warm, paintings, breaking and competition.
For some reason, kids don't do it.
So to reclaim this childhood ritual you have to come out, and in a card, take a picture to a flower and then pick it out.
In another chapter, you have to take a picture of a piece of cortex and then get it off.
So a digital digital collection of photos that can then be put in the Web.
A boy in London puts a picture of a barrier and says, "Oh, I saw a barrier.
A child in India says, "I saw a monkey?
And it creates this kind of social network around a collection of digital photos that have been taken in.
Within the variety of connection, the Earth and the technology are many possibilities.
In the next book we have an interaction in which you go out with the iPad and the video goes on, and you actually see a group of anti-and-a-half gases that appear on the inside of the house.
At a moment, the screen is full of leaves.
And you have to do the sound of the wind and you share them so you can read the rest of the book.
We go to a world where nature forces are entering technology and magic and technology around each other.
We wasted the energy of the sun.
We're approaching our children and ourselves to the natural world and to that magic, joy and the child love we felt through a simple story.
Thank you.
I'd like to talk to you about why a lot of search projects fail.
And I think, really, that the most important thing about that is we stop listening to patients.
And one of the things that we did at the Arab University was to give up a director of the listening.
And not in a very scientific way, she got a little coffee cup or you and asked patients and family and knowledge -- what happens?
"How can we help it."
And we used to think, that this is one of the biggest problems for what everybody is, or maybe not everyone, but most of the standards of standard projects, because we stop listening.
This is my burning Bull. It's a very simple thing.
It has a period of continuous and adding.
And all the morning kept me.
And yes, I have a challenge as you can see.
I put the challenge to get to 95 kilograms of it.
But it's so simple, that every time I get connected to my information to Google Harvard.
And my care doctor has access to him too. And so he can see what my weight problem, not at the same time when you need cardiovascular assistance or some urgency of that style -- but you see it backwards.
But there's another thing.
Like some of you know, I have more than 4,000 followers in Twitter.
So, every morning I connect to my business Buddhist and before I get to my car, people start talking, Legos, today, I think you need a linear lunch.
That's the best thing that can happen, because it's pressure of the walls used to help patients, because it could be used for obesity, and also for patients to stop smoking.
On the other hand, it can be employed to move people from their chairs and together develop some recycled activity to have more control of their health.
Over the next week it will be available.
This little spontaneous connected to an iPhone or another device.
And people would be able to take their blood pressure, send their doctor, and share it with others, for example, for 100 dollars.
This is the point where patients assume a position, they are going to recover control and be capitalism from their own boat, but also can help us care of health because of the challenges that we face, like the cost of the cost of measuring attention, the demonstration of demand and other issues.
It is techniques that are simple to use and start with this to engage patients in the team.
And you can do it with techniques like these, but also through description.
And one of the things we did want to share with you with a video.
We all have navigation controls in cars.
Maybe we have them in our cell phones.
We know perfectly where the ATM categories are in Massachusetts.
And also where all of the gas games.
And of course, we can find fast food.
But where is the nearest dream to help this patient?
We decided but nobody knew it.
Nobody knew where to get the DNA to save lives right now.
What we did was we did the Ballan countries.
We created a website, and we asked the public people, you see a DNA, please send it, and when it's open, because sometimes open in horror hours and others are closed.
And over 10,000 degrees Celsius are already presented in the Netherlands.
The next step was to look for the application for that.
And we made an app for the iPad.
We created an app for Larry, actually investing to find these DNA.
And every time they are in the city of Massachusetts and someone collapsed, they can use their iPhone, and the next weeks use their cell phone to find the nearest dream, which can save lives.
And from today, I'd like to introduce this one, not just like Dr. 44, which is the name of the product, but also like Delins."
And we want to start in the world level.
We are setting up all the colleagues in the world, in other universities, so that they help us to find, to work and to act as a center for DNA device around the world.
Every time you get out of vacation and someone collapse, it can be a parasite or someone in front of you, you can find it.
I also wanted to invite companies around the world that could help us fix these DNA.
They could be drug services or television services, for example, to see if the DNA is still in its place.
Please welcome in this and not only improve health, but take control of it.
Thank you very much.
I'm here to share my photograph.
Or is it "the photographer?
Because of course, they're photographs that can't take with their cameras.
My interest for photography was with my first digital camera at the age of 15.
It was mixed with my passion before the drawing but it was a little bit different, because when I used the camera the process was in planning to be in planning.
And when you take a photograph with a camera the process ends up when you press the paradox.
The photograph had more to do with being in the right place, at the right time.
I thought anybody could do it.
And so I wanted to create something different, a process that would start by paying the paradox.
People like this, a construction in a very transparent road.
But it has an unexpected drop.
And despite that, it keeps a level of reality.
Or pictures like this, dark and colorful at the same time, but with the common goal of keeping the level of reality.
And when I say the fact I say photographers.
Because of course, it's not something that I can capture but I always want it to seem to be captured in some way as a photograph.
People where you have to think about a moment to discover the trick.
It has more to do with capturing an idea that to capture a moment.
But what is the trick that makes them look real, right?
Are the details or the colors, right?
Does the light?
What is the illusion going on?
Sometimes the illusion is the perspective.
But at the end is about our way to interpret the world and how you can perceive in a two-dimensional surface.
It's actually not about whether it's real, but what we think is real.
So I think the foundations are very simple.
I see it as a puzzle of reality in which we took different pieces of reality and we put them together to create an alternative reality.
I'll show you a simple example.
Here we have three perfectly imagination objects, something that we can all relate to the three-dimensional world.
But combined in a certain way can create something that still seems three-dimensional as if they existed.
But at the same time, we know it doesn't exist.
So we put into the brain because the brain doesn't accept the fact that it doesn't really make sense.
And I see the same process by combining the photographs.
It really really will combine different reality.
And the things that make a picture seem real, I think they're those where we don't even think, the things that surround us in our everyday life.
But by combining pictures is very important to consider it, because otherwise something is going to look bad.
So I would like to say that there are three simple rules to continue to achieve realistic results.
As you can see, these images are not very special.
But you can create something like this.
So the first rule is that the photograph of photos must have the same perspective.
Second, the pictures combined must have the same kind of light.
And these two images with these recovery, they were taken to the same height and with the same kind of light.
The third point is to make impossible to distinguish the beginning and the end of different images with a perfect joint.
It has to be impossible to see where the image.
This is another example.
It could think that this is the image of a landscape and the lower part is manipulated.
But this image is completely composed by photographs of different places.
And in the personal I think it's easier to create a place to find it because you don't need to put into danger the ideas that have in your head.
But it requires a lot of planning.
And as I thought this idea of winter, I knew that I had several months to plan it, to find the different locations for the pieces of puzzle.
For example, the fish was captured in a fishing journey.
The costs are from a different location.
The support part was captured in a point of stone.
And yes, I even made red the house on the top of the island for it to look more support.
So to make a realistic outcome, I think it makes planning planning.
It always starts with a boat, an idea.
Then you have to combine the different pictures.
And here every piece is very well thinking.
If you do a good job when you take the pictures, the result can be very beautiful, and at the same time.
All the tools are there and the only limit is our imagination.
Thank you.
I'll show you a slide about technology, very boring.
Please if you can put it?
It's a diagram anybody I took from a film mine.
I'm not interested in showing you the details but the overall aspect of it.
This is an analysis that we were doing about the power of Richard microscopes versus the power of local area networks.
What's interesting about this is that this is, like many other people that we tend to see, is kind of a straight line in logarithmic scale.
In other words, every step here represents an order of magnitude in the production scale.
Speaking about the technology with sexual curves is something new.
Here's something weird here.
And that's what I'm really going to talk about.
Please look at the lights.
He needed more intensity because writing about paper.
Why do we make technological curves in logical scale?
The answer is that if I draw them into a normal curve where we say, these are the years or a few of the time, and this would be any measure of the technology that I wanted to draw, the diagram would see something ridiculous.
It would be something like this.
It doesn't say a lot.
But if gravity, for example, some other technology, like transportation, in a three-dimensional curve would be very dumb, we would see a straight line.
But if something like this, it gives a qualitative change.
If the technology of transportation will move as fast as the microscope last morning, we could take a cab and be in Tokyo in 30 seconds.
But it doesn't go into that rhythm.
There is no precedent in the history of technological development of self-esteem growth that every few years advance of magnitude.
The question I want to do is look at these exponential curves -- we see that they don't follow forever.
It's not possible to sustain this change as fast as it goes.
There is one of two things.
Or it will become a typical curve -- I know like this until something completely different, or maybe I'll do something like this.
That's all it can happen.
I'm optimistic, so I think maybe something like this.
Anyway, now we will be in the middle of a transition.
In this line, we are in a transition of what it used to be the world, to a new shape.
So what I try to ask, and ask myself, is, what is that new way that I adopted the world?
What new state does the world?
The transition seems very, very confused if we're embedded in it.
I remember a child in the year 2000, and people used to talk about what happened in 2000.
This is a conference where people talk about the future, and we see that the future remains the year 2000.
That's all we see.
In other words, the future has been added after year, along my life.
But I think it's because we feel that something is happening.
That happens a transformation. We can feel it.
And we know that it doesn't have a lot of sense to think about 30 or 50 years because everything will be so different than inspiring what we're doing today doesn't have any sense.
So I want to talk to you about how it might be, how could that transition that we experience.
But to do that will have to talk a little bit about things that don't have a lot to do with technology and computer.
Because I think the only way to understand it is to take distance and look at the long-term things.
The time scale I would like to do is the time of life on Earth.
I think this image makes sense if we look at each billion years.
So we went back about 2.5 billion years when the Earth was a big rock rock with a lot of chemicals that spread around it.
If you look at the way we organize those chemicals, we give a sense of how things happened.
And I think there are theories to start to understand the origin with RNA -- I'm going to tell you a simple version of this, and that is, at that time, had been floating out some oil balls with all sorts of chemical recipes on its inside.
Some of those oil droplet had a particular combination of chemicals that made them incorporate from the outside and so forth.
And they started to divide it.
In a sense, those were the most primitive cell forms -- those oil chairs.
But those dreams were not alive, in the current sense, because each of them had a random recipe of chemicals.
And every time you divide it is a distorted distribution of the chemicals that you have.
And so every pile was a little different.
In fact, the dreams that somehow have been different at the time to incorporate the chemicals, they grow more, they grow more chemicals and they divide more.
They were living longer, they were more represented.
It was a form of life, chemical life, very simple, but things get interesting when these blobs learned the trick of action.
In some way that we don't understand very well these balls learned to store information.
They learned to save information, which was the recipe of the cell, in a special chemistry called DNA.
In other words, they raised in this evolution without sense, a writing system that allowed them to record what they were to be able to replicate it.
The amazing thing is that that writing system seems to have remained stable since they evolved two billion years ago.
Our recipe, our genes, are exactly the same code, that same writing system.
In fact, every living being is expressed with exactly the same set of letters and the same code.
And one of the things I did just by fundamentalism? We can now write things with this code.
Here I have 100 men of white dust that tries to hide the security of the airport.
But you know, I take this code -- the code has the common letters that we used to use in this, and I wrote my personal data in this DNA chip and grabbed it 10 to 22 times.
So if somebody wants 100 million copies of my personal card I have many for all the speakers, in fact, for every person in the world and it's here.
If it was a boundary would have put it into a virus and would have spread it through the room.
What was the next step, right?
Making DNA was an interesting step.
This made these cells out of a billion years ago.
But there was another big step in which things were going to get very different, and it was that these cells began to exchange and communicate information and communicate information communities.
I don't know if you know, but bacteria can exchange DNA.
So for example, for example, they evolved resistance to antibiotics.
Some bacteria found the way to avoid penicillin and join them to create their little DNA with other bacteria and now there are many resistant to penicillin, because bacteria communicate.
This communication gave place to form communities that in a way, they were together in that, and they would start a symmetry.
In that way to survive or failed together, or that if a community was very successful all the individuals in that community was recovered more, and they were trained by evolution.
And the inflection point happened when these communities get so close, that in fact, they used and decided to write all the recipe of the community together in a DNA chain.
The next stage interesting for life took another billion years.
And on that stage, we have military communities, many kinds of different cells working together as one organism alone.
In fact, we are a multiple community.
We have lots of cells that don't act alone.
The skin cell doesn't sign without the heart, or the muscle cell, or the brain, etc.
So these communities evolved and produce more interesting levels than the cell phone, something we call a organism.
The next level happened within these communities.
These started to absorb information.
And to build very special structures that didn't do more than process information in community.
It's the neural structures.
The neurons are the devices that process the information that those cell communities built in.
In fact, they began to specialize within the community being the structures responsible for recording, understanding and transforming information.
Those were the brains and the nervous system of those communities.
And that gave you an evolutionary advantage.
Because at that moment as an individual, learning was confined to the duration of an organism, and not at evolutionary time.
So an organism could, for example, learning how to eat a certain fruit because he knew bad and sick the last time that I eat it.
That could happen during the life of an organism because they had built these information processing structures that for hundreds of thousands of years by the death of individuals who ate that fruit.
That's why the fact that the nervous system built those information structures actually accelerated the evolutionary process.
Because evolution could now happen conflict to an individual.
It could happen in time necessary to learn.
But then, of course, individuals discovered the trick of communication.
So for example, the most refined version we know is human language.
If you think about it, it's an incredible invention.
I have a very complicated idea an idea empty in your head.
I'm sitting here putting up a few grandmothers and hopefully building a similar idea, empty and confused, in their heads that I would have a certain analogy with mine.
But we take something very complicated to turn it into sound, in sound sequences and produce something very complicated in another brain.
That now allows us to start to work as a organism.
In fact, as a humanity, we started to make authorities.
We now spend for periods similar to the multicellular organisms, including our methods of record, presentation and information processing.
For example, the invention of language was a little step in that direction.
The television, the computer tape, the content, the CO2, and so on, are the specialized mechanisms that we now build to handle that information.
And that will focus on something much larger, faster and able to evolve more than we do before.
Now evolution can happen in microscopes.
You saw the evolutionary example of TED where it produced some evolution with the Conference program, in our eyes.
And now we've accelerated the time scales again.
The first stages of the story that I told them took a billion years each.
The next stages, the nervous system and the brain, took a few hundred million years.
The next, the language etc., took less than a million years.
And the next, as the electronics seems to be just a few decades.
The process is refugeed, I assume that they contradicting it is the right word to name something that accelerated its own pace of change.
The more change, the faster it does.
And I think that's what we see in this shark of curve.
We see the process refuses.
But I was given my life designing computers and I know that the mechanisms that work to design them would not be possible without recent computer devices.
But now design objects of such complexity that would be impossible for me to design them in conventional ways.
I don't know that it does every transition in that connections machine.
There are billions of people.
Instead of that, with Texas Manhattan, we think of an abstraction level, we put it in the machine and the machine with that does something that you couldn't get much faster and faster than ever before.
In fact, sometimes it works methods that we don't even understand well.
A particularly interesting method that I've been using recently is the evolution itself.
We put inside the machine an evolutionary process that operates on the scale of microscopes.
And for example, in the most extreme cases, we can evolve a program from an random sequence of instructions.
We said, "Please computer can run a hundred million sequence of information instructions?
Could you turn these sequences of instructions to random, and all of those programs, and take those things that are more about what we want to do?
In other words, I define what I want.
Let's say I want to add numbers, to put a simple example.
So we found the programs that are more approaching numbers.
Of course, it's unlikely that some random sequence of instructions, ordered numbers, so none of them did it.
But one, luckily, I could put two numbers on the right order.
And I said, "Well, could you take 10 percent of those random sequences that you better did the task?
We put those and take care of them.
And now we reproduce the ones that are better by opening the numbers.
And we went back to represented a process of analog reconstruction process.
We take two programs, which are eating children, that exchange supermarkets, and the children inherit the properties of both programs.
So we got a new generation of problems of problems that had a little bit more success.
And we say, "Please repeat the process?
Go up again.
They set up some mutations.
And it tries to try and reflect with another generation.
Well, every generation takes a few milliseconds.
So I can do the equivalent of millions of years of evolution in a few minutes, or complicated cases in a few hours.
At the end, we ended up with programs that add absolutely perfect ways.
In fact, they're a lot more efficient programs than I could have written by hand.
If I look at those programs I can't tell you how they work.
I've tried to analyze it to see how they work.
They're dark programs, strangers.
But it takes the comet.
In fact, I have the security that you get the goal because they come from a lineage of hundreds of thousands of programs that they did.
In fact, their lives depend on getting it.
One time I was at a 74-year-old with Mark Mission and he gets a card and says, "Look this.
It says, "How are hundreds of thousands of participants working together to offer a safe flight, doesn't make you feel a stranger?
We know that engineering processes don't work very well when they get complicated.
So we started to depend on computers to make very different design processes.
And that allows us to produce much more complex things than the normal engineering.
However, we don't understand all the options there are.
In that sense, it goes in front of us.
We now use those programs to make computers much faster, and so we can bring these programs much more quickly.
So they are refugeed.
The thing goes faster and faster and so I think it looks so cool.
Because all these technologies are refused.
We are standing.
And we are at an analog moment to the substantial organisms when they became military.
We are the fights and we can't understand what the hell we're creating.
We're at the tipping point.
But I think something comes behind us.
I think it would be very adaptive about our part to think that we are the final product of evolution.
And I think all of us are part of the creation of what it is to come from.
But now comes the lunch and I think I'm going to stop here before I get rid of it.
I think we have to do something with a part of the medical culture that has to change.
And I think this starts with a doctor, and that's me.
And I have spreading enough time to allow you to get part of my fake phenomenon on that.
Before I treat my talk, we talk a little bit of baseball.
Why not?
We're close to the end of the World World.
We love baseball, right?
The baseball is full of amazing statistics.
There are hundreds of statistics.
It's going to go out to the rules, talk about the statistics and use them to form a great baseball team.
I focus on one of them and I hope many of you know it.
It's called a balloon.
And we talked about 300 of a ship that launches 300 dollars.
That means that the balloon self-surface effective, three of 10 times.
That means to launch the ball to the game field without being attacked, and anyone who tries to launch it to the first base doesn't come to time, and the second base will be saved.
10 tries of 10.
Do you know how to call a 300 in the Great Laws.
Well, really good, maybe the team of stars.
You know how to call a 400-percent biomaterial.
By the way, that's someone from 10 buttons, it takes four.
Lost London, like the legislation Ted William, the last player of the Great Leopard Line to increase 400 dollars in a regular season.
Now let's bring this to my world of medicine where I feel much more comfortable or maybe less uncomfortable, after what I'm going to tell you today.
Suppose they have antibody and they're delivered to a surgeon who has also a 400 percent record in advanced.
It doesn't work, right?
Now suppose you live in a place that is going to be wanted to have two open-source coronary arteries and your family doctor gives you a horse on a cardiologist whose record is 200 percent.
But do you know what?
She's getting completely improving.
And their actions have been 25.
This is not working.
But they will ask you."
What do you think that should be the average of a heart surgeon or an architecture of a nurse or a physical organism?
One, very good.
And the truth of the issue is that nobody in all medicine knows the answers of a good surgeon of a doctor or decline.
What we do, however, is to send them to the world, and I include with the urge of being perfect.
I'd never, ever eat a mistake and concern to figure out how to do it well.
That was the message that I opened when I was in medical school.
I was a commercial object student.
Once, a fellow in high school said that Brian Goldian studied until for a blood test.
So that.
I studied in my little device, in the General hospital of Toronto Hereshore of Toronto, not far from here.
And I learned all of memory.
From my class class and memory the origin and the musical work, the radio of every item that comes out of the atmosphere, the very fundamental different diagnosis and not equality.
And I even knew the difference about how to remove the kidney toxic action.
And as much as they accumulate more and more knowledge.
And I was very good, I graduated with humors.
And those of the science of medicine school with the impression that if you memorize everything, then you would know everything -- or the most possible thing, close to everything, because I was invited by mistakes.
And it worked for a while, until I met the San Drawn.
I was resident in a university hospital here in Toronto, when I was brought to the lady Sario to the emergency service service where I worked on.
At the time I was assigned to the salary service.
And when I was embedded by a horse who took me to a horse, he took me to that patient.
And it will report to the record of residents.
When I saw Mr. Drawn, I was standing away.
I heard a resolve sound.
And when the atomic attack, I heard a surgical sound on both sides of it, which I put a heart failure.
In these conditions the heart stops working and instead of breaking the blood forward.
And it wasn't hard to diagnose it.
I did it and I started working on the treatment that I would give you.
He gave me a death and medication to alleviate pressure in his heart.
I gave him drawings, water sheets so that I could eliminate line.
And in a time or two, she started feeling better.
And I felt very good.
And there it was when I made the first mistake, he sent her to her house.
I actually eat two more mistakes.
He sent her home to her home without talking to the receiver book.
I didn't raise the phone or I did what I should have done, which was to call my boss and continue with him so that he saw her.
And if my boss would have seen it, it would have been able to take contrary information.
Maybe I did it for a good reason.
Maybe I didn't want to be a resident that required constant attention.
Maybe I wanted to be so successful and able to take responsibility that I could take care of my patients without even contacted my boss.
The second mistake I made was worse.
When he sent to her home, I didn't pay attention to a voice in my inner that I said, "Well, it's not a good idea. Don't do it."
In fact, I was so inspired that I asked the nurse to quote the San Dr. Dr. "Can you think it's okay if you go to your house?
And the nurse thought and then said with total natural -- "Yes, I think I'll be right."
I remember that as if it was yesterday.
So it was that he served the high, and the ambulance along with the displays took it to his house.
And I went back to the hospital room.
The rest of that day, that afternoon, had a bad presentation in the stomach.
But I kept with my job.
At the end of the day, I was able to leave the hospital and walk into the parking park where my car was to go home. And at that time I did something that I don't normally do normally.
I went through the road emergency service.
And there another nurse -- not that I was aware of the lady Stanford before, but another one -- I told me three words, those three words that most of the emergency emergency doctors.
Other specialists are the ones as well, but there is a participation in protection, which is that we see patients painted.
The three words are all agreed, OK?
"How did you remember the patient who sent his house?
I asked the other nurse with total nature.
"You said, she came back, with the same voice of voice.
She was fine.
But it came back and at the edge of death.
Within a time he had come to his house, after I gave him the high, she suffered a colleague and his family called 996, the Tarahumara brought it into emergency with a 50 percent white pressure of 50, which means a severe sign.
I was breathing and was blue.
The emergency staff goes out all its resources.
They gave him medication to raise the blood pressure.
And they put an artificial breath.
I was focused on and blocking up to the core.
I had a mixture of feelings because after the stability was in intensive therapy and waiting for all hope that they would recover up.
And in the two or three days next to it was that I never woke up.
He had a broken brain damage.
The family was known.
And in eight or nine days, they went back to what was going on.
And the ninth day, let me go. Mrs. Mrs. Dr. Dr. Dr. Dr. Martin, mother and grandmother.
They say they never forget the names of those who die.
That was my first experience.
And the next week, I fell through that and experiment for the first time the magnetic shame that exists in our medical culture, and I felt lonely, isolated without feeling that healthy shame because you can't talk to your colleagues.
You make the patients and you never make that error.
It's that shame that leaves a teaching.
The evil shame that I talk about is the one that makes us feel very wrong inside.
It's the one that tells us not that what we did was wrong, but we are bad.
And that felt like that.
And it wasn't for my boss, he was a love.
I talked to the family, and I'm sure you throw things out and make sure that I don't get me.
And I kept asking those questions.
Why didn't I ask my book? Why did he send it to your house?
And in my worst moments, why did I make a mistake so soon?
Why did I choose medicine.
Little soon that feeling was disconnected.
And I started feeling better.
And in a top day, the sky opened up and finally came out the sun, and I wondered if I would feel better again.
And I did a deal with me in which if I cut the efforts to be perfect to not make more mistakes, I would make those voices.
And it did.
I went back to work.
But it was going to happen.
Two years later, it was helped in the emergency department in a community hospital in the north of Toronto, and I got a 25 year-old man with a painting in the gravity.
I was very busy and suddenly.
And he stayed here.
I looked at his throat -- I was a little blood.
He would prepare penicillin and sent him to his house.
But while he went down to the door he kept looking at his throat.
Two days later, when I came to make my change of gentleman, my boss asked me to talk to me in his office.
And the three words: Do you remember you?
Remember the patient who saw for a pain in the garden?
He came back and didn't have a psychological failure.
I had a potentially deadly application called the prostitution.
You can look at Google -- it's an infection, not from the throat, but of the upper axis, and that can cause the end of those tracks.
He fortunately, not fail.
And it was being admired by increased antibiotics and recovered to the few days.
And they went through the same period of embarrassment and reporter, and then I helped me and returned to work, until I went over and over again, and again.
Two times in the same course of users, not distributed approach.
And it's a great effort, especially working in a hospital, because it goes to 14 patients at the same time.
But in both cases, I didn't send them home and I don't think it's a description.
One of them thought I had a kidney calculation in it.
And we had a kitchen radio, but it was normal. A colleague that was revealing the patient perceived a certain sensitivity on the right inferior sheet and called the surgeon.
The other patient was with a lot of diarrhea.
He added liquid to reduce and asked my colleague to refuse it.
I break it up and to notice a certain sensitivity in the right inferior sheet, called the surgeon.
Both of them were operated and recovered well.
But every single case I was senting up, I woke up.
But I'd like to tell you that I made the worst mistakes in the first five years of exercise, and as many colleagues say, it's a distribution.
The most significant ones have been for the last five years.
No, addicted and support.
And here is the problem, if I can't release and talk about my mistakes, if I can't find the variable that tells me what it really happens, how could I share this with my colleagues.
How do I show you this to not eat the same errors.
If I go to a place like this, I would have no idea what you think about me.
When was the last time you heard somebody talking about failure, after failure, after failure?
Of course in a party listening to the mistakes of other doctors, but not listening to someone talking about their own mistakes.
And if I knew and my colleagues as well, that a triangle in my hospital was the wrong leg that would have difficulty to look at the eyes.
This is the system that we have.
The total denial of mistakes.
It's the system where there are two positions there are two positions -- that make mistakes and the ones that can't sleep, and the ones that have strong results and the ones that have great outcomes.
And it's almost like an ideal reaction as an antibody that starts attacking that person.
We have the idea that if we move from medicine to the people who make mistakes, we have a safe system.
But that brings two problems.
In 20 years of discussion and medical journalism -- I've done a personal study of bad medical practice and medical errors to learn the possible, from the first article I wrote for the Steven Turkey to my program, "My Conform, Black Arabic.
And what I learned is that mistakes are operating.
We work in a system where mistakes happen every day, where one in every 10 deception drugs in the hospital are wrong, or disaster is not right -- in a system where the infrastructure infection are increasingly more and more, and more numerous to make chaos and death.
In this country, 25,000 Canadian candidates for medical mistakes.
The United States Institute of Medicine is established 100,000 dollars.
In both cases, it's about black survivors, because we're not setting up the problem as we should.
And that's what things are.
A hospital system where knowledge is multiply every two or three years, and we don't get stuck.
Dream privacy increases everything.
And we can't get rid of it.
We have cognitive biases that allow us to make a perfect history of a patient with pain in the chest.
Now, let's take the same patient with a pain in the chest, and it comes up with call cards and completely and all of a sudden, and all of a sudden, my story gets to determine.
It's not the same story.
I'm not a robot, I don't do things as well.
And my patients are not cars. They don't care their symptoms always in the same way.
For all of this, mistakes are inevitable.
So if we took the system as they taught us, and we eliminate all the professional professionals to mistake, well, there's no one.
And as people don't want to talk about their most serious cases ...
In my program, "The white art, the black art, is already a consumption saying, "This is my worst mistake. I would tell everybody, from the darkness to the chief of heart surgery, "This is my worst free, blah blah blah bear, "The minister are your errors?
And their students would stop up, go back to the head and they were coming out and started telling their stories.
They want to tell their stories, they want to share them.
You could say, "Look, you don't eat the same free.
They need a context where they can do it.
They need a regenerative medical culture.
And it starts with a doctor every time.
The reproductive doctor is human, you know human -- it takes it, and you don't forget about your mistakes, but it is effort to learn how to teach others.
I share their experiences with them.
It's support for those who talk about their mistakes.
It shows the mistakes of other people not with the intention to cut, but in a loving way and support for everybody to benefit.
And it works in a medical culture that recognizes that human beings go through the system, and when this happens, they make mistakes occasionally, in a time.
My name is Brian Gordend.
I'm a resident doctor.
I'm human, I made mistakes.
And I feel so much, but I was trained by learning something that can transmit others.
I still don't know what you think of me, but I can live with that.
And let me conclude with three personal words, I remember it.
Do you know how many decisions we take one day anything?
Do you know how much we choose in a week?
I recently made a survey to over 2,000 people and the average amount of choices that say pick up a middle American -- they're about 70 to day.
Not a long time ago, in a research followed for a week to a group of companies.
The researchers recorded the different tasks that are delivered by these executives and the time they employ to make decisions related to those tasks.
They found that in average, 185 jobs per week.
It includes every job including a lot of ministers.
Half of those decisions took nine minutes or less.
Only 12 percent turned on a hour or more of their time.
Now think about their choices.
Do you know how many of you at the category of nine minutes, and how many of a hour?
How does the way that make those decisions?
Today I want to talk about one of the biggest problems of current today, choosing the optimism of options.
I want to talk about the problem and some possible solutions.
While I'm talking about this I'm going to ask you a few questions and I need to know your answers.
When I ask a question, as I'm blind, raise your hand just if you want to burn calories.
Otherwise, when I ask a question, if your answer is positive please give you a paper.
And now my first question of the day, are you ready to hear about the problem of options supply.
Thank you.
I was a graduate student at Stanford University, which is essentially this very, very high level supermarket, at least at that time was very sophisticated about it.
It's called Dennis.
It was almost like going to a distribution park.
There was 250 different classes of moving and blown up, more than 500 different types of fruits and vegetables and about 25 of the water of water -- and this was when we took water from the graph.
I loved going to that store, but in an occasion, I asked myself, why never bought anything?
This is the smell of the olive oil.
They had over 75 different kinds of different classes including those who were in the side box that they were from military trees.
I once decided to visit the manager and asked him, "Did this strategy be able to offer all these options?
He pointed out the bases full of tourists that came every day, usually with their cameras.
We decided to do a little experiment with the membrane. This is the one.
They did.
They were 37 different classes.
So let's take a place to show up, right to the entrance of the store.
We put there memories of six flavors -- or 24 different flavors and look at two things: First of all, what people were willing to stop testing the benefit?
More people were stopped when there was 24 -- 60 percent that when there was only six percent, 40 percent.
We also looked at what case they were more likely to buy a shipping cake.
Here's the opposite effect.
Of those who stopped when there was 25, only three percent came to buy sentence.
Of those who stopped when there were six, we saw that 30 percent bought behavior.
If we do the calculations, people had six times more likely to buy shelter if they found six, that if they found 24 percent.
Well, I decided that we don't buy a bomb sentence probably makes us -- less is good to keep the line, but it turns out that the problem of the supply of choices is affecting us in very crazy decisions.
We decided not to decide, even though this doesn't get us.
Now the issue of the day, the financial savings.
I'm going to describe a study that I did with Guita Sandy, Emmanus Karajan and Ben Jack, where we looked at the decisions about savings for the retirement of about a million Americans, from about 400 plans in this country.
We are interested in seeing if the number of funds of funds available in savings plans in order to retirement, the program 40, they described people to save for the future.
And we found that really there was a correlation of it.
We had 75 plans that were from two to 50 different options.
We found that the bigger the number of funding offered there was less participation.
So if we look at the extremes -- we see that in the plans that were offered two funds, the participation rate was 70 percent or more, not as high as they like.
And on the plans that they were offering about 60 percent, the participation rate went on to the person 60 percent.
It turns out that even if you decide to participate, when there's more choices, even in that case, there are negative consequences.
So for those who decided to participate, the bigger the number of choices, the more people were involved by avoiding the actions or the investment funds.
When there were more choices, they were more willing to invest in market financial issues.
But none of these extreme decisions are the ones that we're going to rebuild to optimize the future financial well-being.
In the previous decade, we've seen three negative consequences to offer more and more possibilities.
The most likely thing is that you pay the decision, that you get it even when it goes against the interest itself.
It's more likely to take the worst decisions, in finance and health.
They are more likely to choose less satisfying things -- even though original people get better.
The main reason is that we are going to be able to look at that giant variety of most of the most more more, and bombers and bomb and members, but we're not able to do the calculations to compare to compare and control and choose that amazing exhibition.
Today I want to protect you four simple techniques that we've shown in a way or another, in different research, so that you can test in your business.
The first is: Copernicus.
You've heard it before, but it's never been more true than today, than less is more.
People always bother when I say, "Come up."
They worry about losing space in the advantage.
But actually what we're looking at is more and more is that if you decide to cut, we'll get rid of strange random choices, there will be an increase in the sales -- to go through the costs, there will be a better experience in choice.
When Parajana & Gandhi went from 26 different types of Herberg and Sarier to 15, they saw an increase from 10 percent in sales.
When the corporation Gordon Cata would remove the products for cats of cats that are less getting sold up, they increase the uses of 86 percent of the candidates, and the greater sales and less costs.
You know that today's survivors are in average offer 45,000 products.
In a shop of Walter they offered about 100,000 products.
But the biggest store in the world is Alexander and offers only 140 products, a kind of tomato tomato sandwich.
In the world of financial savings world, I think one of the best examples that have come up on how to handle choices is the plan of David Lake, the Harvard program.
All of the employees of Harvard are incompleted by a fund of life secure.
Those who really want to choose them, they offered 20 funds, not 300 or more.
You know, often people say, "I don't know how to cut up.
These are all important choices.
The first thing I do is to ask the employees to do the differences that are between those options.
And if their employees can't be different, they can't do their clients, too.
This afternoon, before I started this session, I was talking to Galax.
He told me that it would be willing to offer people from this audience of the audience of this audience with every single person in the world in the world.
Here, a description here.
I want you to read it.
I'm going to leave you a few seconds to read and then I want you to give a bird if you're ready to take the Gaza supply.
(Audience shorts? Okay. anybody who's ready to accept the supply.
Are they?
Well, I'm going to show you something else.
You knew there was a trick.
Who's ready for that journey?
I think it really takes to hear more hands.
All right.
And actually, you had more information in the first round, which in the second one, but I can put it up and say that the second time was more real.
Because the images made it look more real.
This brings me to the second technique to handle the problem of choices, which is Congress.
For people to understand the differences between choices, they have to understand the consequences of every choice, and the consequences should feel very block, very concentrated.
Why do people spend 15 to 30 percent more in average when they use debit cards or credit, which when use effective?
Because it doesn't look like real money.
It turns out to make it look more real, it can be a very positive tool for people to save more.
So we did a study with Sylvia Bertie and Allinescher President, about a person of IBM "Where were working in IDEO -- these people were in a meeting where they were shooting to a plan 40.
And that meeting, that we knew exactly how they were used -- we did a little adversity.
What we added was that we would solve the staff that thought about the positive things that would happen in their lives if they save more money.
With this minister there was an increase in the arms of 20 and an increase in the amount that were interested in saving or what they wanted to put on their savings accounts of 40.
The third technique is California.
We can handle more categories than options.
For example, this is a study we did in a magazine accident.
We saw that in the Web supermarkets, along the edge of the north, the magazine exhibition can contain from 37 different types to 60.
But you know?
Because character tells me how to distribute it.
These are two pounds of jewelry.
One is called "The Andrea, "The other one?
If you think that the one on the left is September and the one on the right is Jack, you get a paper.
(Audience shorts? Well, there's some of them.
If you think that the on the left is Jack, and the one on the right is Sergea, you get a paper.
Well, something else.
It turns out it's right.
The one on the left is Jack, and the one on the right is Sergees. But you know what?
This is completely useless.
Cathering must indicate something to choose -- not to define them.
It often looks like this problem with these huge waste lists.
Guess who are you infected?
My fourth category -- I did complexity.
It turns out that we can handle much more information than what we think, if only we just simplify it a little bit.
We need to increase growing complexity.
I'm going to show you an example of what I mean.
Let's see a very complicated decision -- the purchase of a car.
This is a German German manufacturer that allows you to persuade it completely.
You have to take 60 decisions to raise the car.
And these decisions vary in the number of choices that get each one.
colors, outside of the car. I have 56 possibilities.
Motories, changes of change, four options.
What I'm going to do is we make the order to make the decisions appear.
So half of the clients are going to go from many choices, 56 colors, a few thousand boxes.
The other half of the clients are going to go from a few choices, four boxes, 56 colors, a lot of options.
And what am I going to look at it?
How involved they are.
If you have always the button per defense in every decision, this indicates you are open, or you're losing them.
We found that those who go from a lot of choices in a few years, and they take the button per square over and over again, and another one.
We lose them.
If you go from a few choices to many, you continue there.
The same information, the same number of options.
The only thing I did was we cut the order in which information is presented.
If we start with the easy, you learn to choose it.
Although you choose to pick up the change box that doesn't say anything about the preferences of the inner decision -- all ways it would be prepared to choose it.
We are excited about a product that we're building that now has more committed to the process.
To sum up.
I've talked about four techniques to monitor the problem of choices, Copernicus, eliminating strange alternatives -- Conform, making it real, California, we can handle more categories with less choices with less options.
All of these techniques that I've presented you were designed to help drive alternatives or better, for you, to use them in their issues, or for people who are supporting.
I think the key to get the best of an election is being careful to choose it.
And the more careful we are in our better choices we can practice the art of choice.
Thank you very much.
In the '70s, in the communist East East, if you had a typewriter to write it back to the government.
I had to register a piece of speech text with the machine.
And this so that the government could trace the origin of text.
If you found a writer with the wrong message, you could trace the footprint to the origin of the idea.
In the West we didn't consider someone to do this, how much this limits the freedom of expression.
We would never do that in our countries.
But today, in 2011, if you bought a laser printer of any big manufacturing and print a page, that page will end up having some yellow dots printed on every page that you follow a pattern that makes them your own ones and your printer.
That's happening today.
And no one seems very scary about this.
This is an example of the ways our governments use technology against us, citizens.
And it's one of the three main causes of problems in the network.
If you see what happens in the online world, we can add the attacks according to their attacks.
There are three main groups.
It's the computers.
Like Mr. Dictures God from King City, in Ukraine.
The mobile phone is very easy to understand.
These guys make money.
They use the collaborations to earn a lot of money, quantities and solutions.
There are really many cases of millions on line, biologically that they gain money with their attacks.
This is Valley Treating, from Tarbara, Stanford.
This is Alfred Punishma.
This is Stephen Warrio.
This is Bird Salthe.
These are Matt Anderson: Tanzania Alaska etc., etc., etc.
These guys do their online fortunes, but they do it by illegal media using banking trees to steal money from our accounts when we buy online, or steal our keys to get information from our cards when we buy in an infected computer.
The secret service of the United States, two months ago, frozen the Swiss account of this Mr. San Japan, and this account was 17 million dollars when it was frozen.
Mr. Jack stops the stream, and it was standing on his side.
And I say today is more likely than any of us being victims of a criminal crime.
And it's very obvious that this is wrong in worse.
In the future, most of the crimes going on online.
The second group of attacks in importance that we see today is not driven by money.
There's another thing that moves, they motivate them the protests, they motivate the opinions, they motivate them the rice.
Groups like Anonymous have been reported in the last 12 months to put a paper to run on the online attacks.
Those are the three main attacks, the criminals that do it for money, the accidents like Anonymous, who do it to protect and the last group is the national states of governments attacking it.
And then we see cases like Dictorator.
That's a good example of government attacks against their own citizens.
Dictator is an authority of the Ballmers countries or actually it was.
He gave it to take the last high because of a supermarket.
You find the safety of the site and to lose a cybercriminal.
Last week I asked, in a meeting with representative of the Dutch government, I asked one of the leaders if they found the death of people because of the attack to Dicken.
And the answer of him was yes.
So how does people die from an attack of these?
Dictator is a flexible authority.
You can see cycle.
What does the corporate do?
Well, you need if you have a website with you, service support services, services like Ghana.
Except that we play a foreign criminal authority.
And they give you an awful certificate.
And in the case of Denmark happened exactly that.
And what happened in the Arab Spring and those things that have happened, for example, in Egypt.
Well, in Egypt, the protesters were called the English secret police in April 2011, and during the course of the building, they found a lot of paper.
Among those papers was this film called "The President.
And within that film there was notes of a company with a conversation in Germany who had sold the Egyptian government in the world to interact to large scale the communications of the country.
They had sold this tool for 200,000 euros to the Egyptian government.
The company is right here.
I mean, Western governments provide tools to totalitarian governments to do this to their citizens.
But Western governments also do this themselves.
For example, in Germany, just a couple of weeks ago, he found the Syrian tree, a tree used by the German government officials to investigate their own citizens.
If you are suspicious in a good criminal case, it's pretty obvious that your phone is intact.
But today it goes further.
The Internet connection.
We use even tools like the South train.
When we think about things like these the obvious answer should be "Well, it seems like a bad thing, but it doesn't really affect me because I'm a honest citizen.
Why would you care?
I have nothing to hide.
And that argument doesn't make sense.
It's about the privacy.
Previous is not discovered.
It's not a question of privacy against security.
It's about freedom against control.
So if we could trust our governments today in 2011, any right right we will report today, will be forever.
Do we trust any future government, in a administration that we could have within 50 years?
These are the questions that we have to worry about the next 50 years.
This is where I live. Life in Kenya, in the South National Park.
These are the cows of my dad, at the bottom, and behind the cow, the National Park park.
The National Park National Park.
And predators like lions -- they follow them, and this is what they do.
We put our cattle.
This is one of the ones that killed at night, and so soon we got in the morning and we found it dead -- I felt very bad because it was the only trick we had.
My community, the mass -- we think we came from the sky with our animals and all the land to protect them, and so we value them so much.
So I grew up eating a lot of lions.
The dying are warriors that protect our community and livestock and they're also upset with the problem.
So kill lions.
This is one of the six lions that killed in Nairobi.
I think that's so few in the National Park.
A child in my community, in the age of six to nine years, is responsible for her father and this was the same thing that happened to me.
So I had to find a way to solve this problem.
My first idea was to use fire, because I thought that the lions were afraid of fear.
But I realized that actually this is not going on, because even helping lions to see the state of far.
I didn't laugh at me. I did.
A second idea was to use a spread.
I was trying to push the lions to believe that it was near the status.
But the lions are very smart --  They came the first day and they saw the spread, and they were left, but the second day, they went back and said, this thing doesn't move, it's always here.  So they jump out and kill animals.
So one night I was walking around the state with an torch and that day the lions didn't come.
I found out that lions have fear to the light that is moving.
So I had an idea.
And I got a switch that I would take and turn the lights.
And this is a little lamp of a broken line.
I ran everything.
As you can see, the solar panel hit the battery and the battery will supply electricity to the little indicator box. I call it a transformation.
And the blue box makes the lights determine.
As you can see, the bombs get outside, because that's where lions come from.
And that's what it looks like when you come at night.
The lights draw and put the lions to think I'm walking through the status, but I'm sleeping in my bed.
Thank you.
So I put them in my house two years ago, and since then, we never got to have trouble with the lions.
And the house houses hear the idea.
One of them is this grandmother.
She had killed a lot of animals, the lions and asked me if I could put the lights.
I said yes.
You put them. You can see the bottom -- these are the lights for lions.
Since then, I've installed them in seven houses in my community, and they're serving a lot.
And my idea is also used now all over Kenya, to scare other predators, as a hole, and it's also used to spread elephants of the farms.
Thanks to this invention, I had the fortune to get a scholarship on one of the best schools in Kenya, Brooklyn International School, and I'm very excited.
My new school is now helping to raise funding and consciousness.
I even took my friends to my community, and we installed lights in the houses that they don't have, and I teach them how to put them.
So, a year ago, it was just a child in the batteries of the waiting for my father, and I used to see airplanes flying and told me that some day would be within one.
And here I am.
I got the opportunity to come in plane for the first time to TED.
My big dream is to become an engineer of aviation and pilot when I grew up.
I used to hate lions but now as my invention is saving my dad and laws, we can be with the lions without any conflict.
All the other thing in my language means, thank you very much.
Chris Anderson: You don't imagine how exciting it is to hear a story like yours.
So you get a scholarship. Richard Turkey, yes.
CA: You're working on other electrical inventions.
What's the next on your list?
RM: My next invention is -- I want to do an electric one. CA: One close electricity?
RL: I know that you were invented the electric closes, but I want to do the mine.
CA: I just tried it once a time, right? And you know, ROC. I've tried it before, but I got a cardiologist.  CA: At foot of the stone. Richard Tel -- you're a big one.
We're going to link in every step that two, friend of mine.
Thank you very much. Rise. Thank you very much.
When I was a little boy, I thought my country was the best of the planet.
And I grew up singing a song called "No Afghanistan.
And I felt very proud.
In school, we spent all the time studying the story of Kim Indo, but we never learned a lot about the rest of the world, except that America, South Korea, Japan is the enemy.
And sometimes I asked myself about the rest of the world, I thought I would spend all my life in North Korea, until everything changed.
When I was seven years old, I saw my first public exploration.
But I thought my life in North Korea was normal.
My family was not poor, and I had never happened.
But one day, in 1995, my mom brought home a letter of the colleague of my sister.
And he said, "I read this, the five members of the family will stop exist in this world, because we haven't eaten in the two weeks.
We're recorded together in the floor, and our bodies are so weak that we're ready to die.
I was very absorbing.
It was the first time I heard that people were suffering in my country.
At the very short time, when I walked in front of the train, I saw something terrible that I can't draw from my memory.
A woman without life was dead on the street, holding a child smoking in his arms looking at the face of his mother without being able to do anything.
No help them, because they were very concerned about caring themselves and their families.
So enormous hunger in North Korea.
At the end, over a million neurons died during the hunger, and only one will survive eating tracks, insects and traffic cortex.
They also did more and more surprised energy care, all of them was completely dark at night except for the sea lights in China, just crossing the river from my house.
I always wondered why they had light and we don't.
This is a satellite picture of North Korea.
This is the Alabama River, which serves minister between North Korea and China.
As you can see, the river can be very anti-control in certain points, allowing neurons to cross sexually.
But many die.
Sometimes I saw bodies floating in the river.
I can't reveal the details of how I came out of North Korea, but I can only say that during the years of the famine I was sent to China to live with distant patients.
But I just thought I'd be separate from my family for short time.
I could never have imagined that I would take 14 years to go back together.
In China, it was hard to live as a young woman without my family.
I had no idea how life would be like non-relative reform.
But soon I learned that it's not just extremely difficult, but also dangerous, because the Norwegian refugees in China were considered illegal immigrants.
So I was living with a constant fear that my identity was recorded, and it would be replaced to a horrible fate back in North Korea.
One day, my worst nightmare was actually made, when I was arrested by the Chinese police and introduced me in the police station.
Somebody had accused me to be neurologically, then I tried my skills in the Chinese language and asked me a lot of questions.
I was literally.
I thought my heart was going to explore.
If it didn't look natural. It could be advanced and depressing.
I thought my life was going to end.
But I managed to control my emotions and asked the questions.
At the end of the research an officer said to another, "This was a fake report. She's not non-zero.
And they left me. It was a miracle.
Some newspapers in China are looking for fossil embarrassing.
But many can be arrested by the Chinese police and depression.
These women had a lot of luck.
Even though they were calculated, they were eventually released after a harsh international pressure.
These neuroscientists didn't have so much luck.
Every year, it is amazing news is captured in China and dependent on North Korea, where they're stranged, building or executed in public.
Although I was lucky in exploration, many other neurons have not been so lucky.
It's tragic that the neuroscientists have to hide their identity and fight so hard to survive.
Even after you learn a new language and find work, your whole world can be used in an instant.
That's why, after 10 years to hide my identity, I decided to go back to South Korea.
And I started a new life again.
In South Korea was a much bigger challenge than I expected.
English was very important in South Korea, I had to start learning my third language.
It also understood that there was a great gap between North and South America.
We are all calculates, but in the inside, we have become very different because of 67 years of division.
Even even an identity crisis.
Am I supermarket or normal?
Where am I? Who am I?
Suddenly there was no country that I could call with pride mine.
Even though to adapt to life in North Korea was not easy, I made a plan. I started studying for the trial of income to college.
Just when I started to adapt to my new life, I received a call attack.
The North Korean authorities put some money that sent my family to my family, and as a punishment -- my family was going to be displaced to the force to a location.
They had to flee immediately.
So I started planning how to help them escape.
Neuroscientists have to travel long distances on the way to freedom.
It's almost impossible to cross the border between North Korea.
So ironically, I took a fly to China and I fell into the border with North Korea.
Because my family couldn't speak Chinese, I had to thank you, somehow for over three billion miles across China and then through the Southeast Asia.
The journey in bus took a week, and we almost went around several times.
Once, our bus was stopped and addressed by a Carnegie police officer.
I asked the identification of everyone, and he started asking them questions.
As my family couldn't understand Chinese, I thought my family was going to be adaptive.
When the Chinese officer came to my family, I introduced myself and I told him that they were supermarket people who was accelerating.
I looked at me surviving, but fortunately I believed it.
We did all the way to the landscape of Lake.
But I had to spend almost all my money to jump to the border guards in Lakes.
But even after I spent the border, my family was arrested and incarcerated to cross the back of the border.
After paying flowers and support, my family was released in a month.
But at time, my family was arrested and incarcerated again in Lab capital.
This was one of the lowest points in my life.
I did everything to release my family, and we were so close to my family, but my family was represented in prison to cut away from the South Korea embassy of South Korea.
I went and came between the office office and the police station, desperately trying to release my family.
But he didn't have enough money to pay more bribes or mountains.
I hope.
At that time, or the voice of a man said, "What is the problem."
I was so surprised that a stranger would mind to ask.
With my poor English and with a dictionary, I explained the situation, and without doubt -- the man went to the ATM catastrophe and gave me the rest of the money for my family and for other two neuroscientists and getting them out of prison.
I thank you with all my heart, and I asked him, "Why do you help me?
"I'm not helping you, he told me.
I'm helping the normal people."
I realized that was a symbolic moment in my life.
The unknown number is a new hope for me and for the national people when we needed it.
And I showed that the kindness of the unknown and support of the international community are really the rays of hope that the Nigerian people need.
Over time, after our long journey, my family and I met in South Korea.
But getting your freedom is only half the battle.
Many neuroscientists are separated from their families and when they go to a new country, they start with little or none money.
So we can benefit from the international community with education, of the English language practices, to work and more.
We can also act as a bridge between people within North Korea and the rest of the world.
Because many of us follow in contact with families still inside, and we send information and money that is helping to change North Korea from within.
I have been very lucky, I've received a lot of help and inspiration in my life, so I want to help you not to give you a chance to write with international support.
I'm sure you're going to see more and more neuroscience throwing around the world, including on the TED stage.
Thank you.
I live in Central Central Center.
This is South Central Laden, short food, fast food thresholds.
So the city workers were gathered and they thought, we're going to change the name of South Central South to represent something else, so they changed it to the South Angeles -- as if this will fix what is actually wrong in the city.
This is the South Angeles --  stores.
Like 27,000 million other Americans, living in a food desert, the Antarctica Central Anternowers, homes of food places to take and eat in the car.
The curious thing is that the food places to get more people to kill more people than food in the car.
People are dying of criminal diseases in Los Angeles Central South.
For example, the obesity rate in my neighborhood is five times bigger than say, Benki, Harvard Hills, which is like 15 miles away.
I was tired of seeing this happen.
And I ask myself, how would you feel if you didn't have access to healthy food, and if every time you go out of the house you see the harmful effects that the current food system has in your neighbor.
I see signs of wheels bought and sold as a used cars.
I see mountains of public dialogue like Street.
And I think this must stop.
I think the problem is the solution.
The food is the problem, and it's the solution.
And I also had to drive 45 minutes to go back and buy a apple that doesn't have permanents.
What I did was planted a food forest in front of my house.
In a field of land we call a garden.
It's 45 to three me.
The point is, it belongs to the city.
But you have to keep it.
I said, "Well, I can do what I'm going to be in win because it's my responsibility and I have to keep it."
This was how I decided to keep it.
So my group and I, L.A. Greenston, we got together and we started planting our food forest forest, you know, the nine complete vegetables.
What we do, we are a kind of a group that is paid for advanced companies of all protections, from all the city and completely voluntary and everything we do is free.
And the garden was beautiful.
Then someone gets burned.
The city stood up on me and in short, they gave me a computer saying that I had to get my garden.
And I said, "Let's go on."
A lung order to plant food on a piece of land that no one matter?  And so I was like, "Well, go back it."
Because this time I wasn't going to happen.
LG: Times had the story written by Steve Park, and I talked to the connection and one of Green Grands members who put a petition in Charles, with 900 structures, we were a success.
We had the victory in our hands.
My coach was even called to say that they would respond and adopted what we were doing.
I mean, we go, why not?
D: It's the city of America with more blood tricks.
It's got 18 miles of banker terrain.
That equals 20 Central Parks.
That's enough space to plant 73 million of the tomato plants.
Why don't you seem to be good at this?
You build a plant to give a few thousand seeds of it.
When a dollar of we're going to give you 75 dollars.
It's my home, when I tell people, culture your own food.
Your own food is like print your own money.
You see, I have a legacy for South Central Center.
I grew up there. I grew my kids there.
I was laughing to be part of this manufacturing reality that was manifestation for me, and I'm going to make my own reality.
You see, I'm an artist.
The garden is my degree -- I culture my art.
Just like an artist of graphic, which is that the strength of walls, I was strengthening soils, boards.
I use the garden, the land, like a piece of canvas, and plants and trees, are my interpretation of that canvas.
They will be surprised to see what the land can do, if they let it be their canvas.
You just can't imagine how amazing it is a supply and how it affects people.
What happened?
I witnessed how my garden.
To change the community, you have to change the composition of the land.
We're the land.
They will be surprised to see the kids.
The barrier is the most thrilling and profile act that you can do, especially in a go.
Also, you get free.
I remember an occasion, which came a mother and his daughter, were like the 16,000 of the night and they were in my garden, and they went out and looked very sure.
I said, well, man, I felt bad that they were there, and I said, you know, you don't have to do this like this.
This is on the street for a reason.
I felt shame to see people who were so close to me with hunger, and this just represents why I do this, people ask me, "Hey, don't you fear that people will steal your food?
So what I say, "My God, I don't have fear that you're going to roll it."
So that's on the street.
That's what it is.
I want you to take it, but at its time, I want you to give up your health.
There was another thing that I put a garden in a refugee in the center of Los Angeles.
They were these guys, they helped me stop the walk.
It was fabulous. I would share their stories about how this had affected them and how they used to plan with their mom and grandmother, and it was fabulous to see how this changed them, so it was just for a moment.
So Greenland Grouphen has come to play maybe 20 gardens.
We've had about 50 people who come from, work and participate, all in voluntary plan.
If kids grow up, kids eat coal.
If you grow tomatoes --   But if none of this is taught if you're taught if food affects the mind and the body, they eat blind what they put in front of them.
I see young people who want to work, but they have this thing that they're coming in. I see color kids who are on this path designed for them, which doesn't take them anywhere.
With the band, I see an opportunity where we can train these kids that will fall away from their communities to have sustainable life.
And when we do this, who knows?
Maybe it's produced the next George Washington Cartile.
But if we don't change the composition of the land, we'll never do it.
Now this is one of my plants, this is something I want to do.
I want to play a whole drop of gardens, where people can share food in the same picture.
I want to take content and turn them into healthy chaos.
Don't get me wrong.
I'm not talking about free, because the free is not sustainable.
The curious thing about sustainability is that you have to sustain it.
What I'm talking about is to go to work to people, to get the kids out of the street, that they know the joy, the pride and the honor to grow their own food, open markets of farmers.
What I want to do here, we have to do it sexy.
I want you all to become a report to be confident, and you want everybody to become interconnected, and you get them direction.
We need to change the guide of what's a look.
If you're not a boat, you're not a learning.
What do you love to take their own path.
That is his choice of choice.
On one, if you want to meet with me, well, if you want to see, you don't call me if you want to sit in chairs and have meetings to talk about making some shit, to talk about making some frame.
If you want to see, you come to the garden with your stick, so you can plan something.
Thank you. Thank you.
Thank you.
(Audience noises)                        You will agree with me in which this is a very nice road.
It's made of adaptation, and the mayor is a good material to drive it, but not always, especially not in days like today, where it takes a lot.
You can have a lot of water in the airport that underlies it.
And especially if you're moving in your bike and these cars pass out, that's not very nice.
Also, alternative can do a lot of noise.
It's a noisy material and if we build roads, like in the Netherlands, very close to cities, we would want a synthetic road.
The solution for that is to do a lot of stranger roads.
And the low-former antibody, a material that we use now in most of the roads of the Netherlands, has parts and water can go through it, so all the rainwater of rain flow down to the sides and have a road that is easy to drive, and not to make water ever more.
The noise also disappeared in these period.
Because it's very hormone, all the noise disappeared, so it's a very quiet.
It also has disability, of course, and the disability of this road is that you can get down.
What is the property? You see that in this road, the stones on the surface are coming out.
First of all, a stone, then several more and more and more and more, and so on, and then -- well, I won't do that.  But you can give it your paradise, and you're not happy with that.
And finally, this can also lead to more and more harmful.
Sometimes they can create balls with that.
Oh, it's ready.
Barbare, of course, that you can become a problem, but we have a solution.
Here you can actually see how the damage appears in this material.
It's an alternative slide, as I said, so it only has a little amount of advantage between the legs.
Because of the intelligence, to the United Air, to the supermarket, this advertisement, this beautiful, the glue between the radios, is actually struggling, and if you get off, you're going to be monitoring and stayed from the addresses.
So if you drive down the road, you get out the addition, as you saw it here.
To solve this problem, we think of materials of antibody.
If we can make this material address, then we probably have a solution.
So what we can do is use steel landscape, from that to clean supermarkets, and we can cut the steel leg in very small pieces, and we can mix those little bits with the beautiful.
So we have a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of stream of steel string in it.
Then you need a machine, like the one you see here, you use to contact, a machine of industry.
The detection can walk, especially steel, is very good at that.
So what you have to do is you heat the steel -- the beauty flies through these microscopes and the rocks are going back to the surface.
Today I use a microscope mountain, because I can't bring the big survey machine here to the stage.
Microscope is a similar system.
I put the sample, which now I'm going to take you out to see what happened.
This is the show that comes right now.
I said we have this kind of industrial machine in the lab to heat the samples.
We tried a lot of samples there and then the government really saw our results, and they thought, "Well, that's really interesting. We have to try it."
So we gave us a piece of road, 400 meters of the Alzheimer's number, where we had to do a test cart to test this material.
So that's what we did there. You see where we were doing the test in road, and then, of course, this road lasts several years without any damage. That's what we know about practice.
We took a lot of samples of this road, and we tested them in the lab.
We did the samples, we put a lot of payload on them, we repair them then with our reputation machine and we repair them and we went back to try.
We can repeat this many times.
Well, to conclude, I can say that we've done a material using frames of steel, including these fibers using the energy of detection to actually increase the life of the surface of the road, you can even double the life of the surface, and you can actually save a lot of money with very simple tricks.
And now, of course, they have curiosity.
We still have the show here. It's pretty hot.
And actually, you have to be fired before I can show you how the repair acts act.
But I'm going to do a try.
Let's see. Yes, it worked.
Thank you.
When I was 11 years old, I remember walking a morning with the sound sound in my house.
My father was listening to Bill News in his little gray radio.
He had a big smile in his face that was unusual in those times, because the news would usually decide it.
"The Taliban were being laughing out of my father.
I didn't know what it meant but I could see that my father was very, very happy.
"Now you can go to a real school, he said.
One morning I never forget.
A real school.
You see, I was six years old when the Taliban were taken out of Afghanistan, and they made illegal that girls went to school.
For the next five years, I looked at me as a child to climb my older sister that I could no longer be alone to go to a secret school.
It was the only way we could educate them.
Every day, we would take a different route for anyone to survive where we were.
We had to hide the books in the market so that it seemed like we were to buy it.
The school was in one house, more than 100 of us advanced in a small room.
It was nice in the winter, but extremely hot in summer.
We all knew that we risk our lives, the teacher, the students and our parents.
In time when the school is suddenly closed for a week, because the Taliban suspect them.
We always wondered what they knew of us.
Were you following us?
Did you know where we live.
We were an animation, but still, the school was where we wanted to be.
I was very lucky to grow in a family where education was appreciated and daughters a store.
My grandfather was an extraordinary man for his time.
A total income of a remote architecture of Afghanistan insisted in which his daughter, my mother, went to school, and so his father did it.
But my college mother became teacher.
This is her.
It turned two years ago, just to turn our house in school for girls and women in our neighborhood.
And my father, this is, was the first of all his family in getting education.
There was no doubt that his kids had to get education, even their daughters, despite the Taliban.
For him, there was a bigger risk in not to educate their children.
Over the years, I remember there were moments when I was very frustrated by our life, and I was always scared and I didn't see a future.
I wanted to go back, but my father said, "Mom, my daughter, you can lose everything you have in life.
You can steal your money. You can force your house during a war.
But there's one thing that will always be with you, what's here, and if we have to sell our blood to pay your education, we'll do it.
So you still want to not go ...
I'm 22 years old.
I grew up in a country that has been destroyed for decades of war.
Less than six percent of my age have more than the banking, and if my family had not been so committed to my education, I would be one of them.
Instead, I found myself here proud of graduate in Microsoft Caltech.
When I went back to Afghanistan, my grandmother, the one who was raised from his home for the courage of educating his daughters, was one of the first ones in happiness.
He didn't just take care of my university degree, but also I was the first woman, and I'm the first woman, which I took him through the streets of Karajan.
My family believed in me.
I dream in big, but my family has even bigger dreams for me.
That's why I'm the global ambassador of 2002, a global campaign to educate women.
It's because of what SETI eats -- the first and perhaps the only private school for girls in Afghanistan, a country where it's still risky for girls to go to school.
What is exciting is that I see students in my school with the strong desire to leverage the opportunity.
And I see their parents and their families who, like the mine, were looking for them, despite and still in front of a delivering optimism.
As Abed. It's not his true name, and I can't show you his face, but Arabia is the father of one of my students.
Less than a month ago, he and his daughter would go from the way from AIDS to his village, and literally they were surviving from being killed by a bomb on the way, for minutes.
When you get to your house, you're the phone, a voice I admit that if you kept sending your daughter to school, you would try it.
"The child said, "I don't give the future of my daughter for their old and self-sexy ideas.
What I realize of Afghanistan, and it's something that is absolutely forgotten in the West, is that behind most of whom we exclude, there is a parent who recognizes the value of his daughter and see that the success of her own success.
It doesn't mean that our mothers have not been key in our success.
In fact, often they are the first compelling interpretations of the brilliant future of their daughters, but in the context of a society like Afghanistan, we need the support of men.
Under the Taliban -- the girls who went to school were told in hundreds -- remember, it was illegal.
But today, more than three million girls go to school in Afghanistan.
Afghanistan looks so different from here in America.
Find that Americans see the fragility of changes.
I think these changes don't take a lot, after the rest of the U.S. troops of America.
But when I went back to Afghanistan, when I look at students in my school and their parents who advocate for them, I see a promising future and a lasting change.
For me, Afghanistan is a country of hope and possible possibilities, and every day the TED girls remember me.
Like me, they dream big.
Thank you.
I've never forgotten the words of my grandmother who died in the expedition, "Ah, resolved to Gandhian Come on him.
But you never become a revolutionary style Garden.
They've spent almost two years since the criminal revolution was inspired by the eyes of mass motions so much of the Tunisian revolution as the Egyptian revolution.
A force with a lot of other blind citizens, inside and outside of the country to call an end day and start a revolution against the terrible regime of Galax.
And we did, it was a great revolution.
Women, young white men were in the vegetable, choosing the fall of the regime, paying paradigms of freedom, dignity and social justice.
They have shown a solution to explain by dealing with the Brazilian broadcast of Galax.
They have shown a great sense of solidarity from the East East to the west to the south.
Finally, after a six months of brutal war and some losses of about 50,000 dead dead, we were able to release our country and give it to the title.
However, Gabby left a launch leg, a legacy of terrorist, corruption and all the kinds of addition.
For four decades, the Tunisian regime of Gandhi destroyed infrastructure, culture and moral structure of civil society.
Consumers of the devastation and the challenges, I've loved a lot of other women, rebuild the civil civil society, demanded an inclusive transition and right towards democracy and national reconciliation.
It would be established about 200 organizations in Benjamin during and immediately after Gandhi fall around 300 in Green.
After a 33 years of expectancy, I went back to Libya, and with a unique enthusiasm I started organizing workshops about communication development, and leadership skills.
With an incredible group of women, we founded the World Women's platform by the Peace of peace, a movement of women, leaders, very diverse orientation -- to advocate for the political authority of the woman and by our own role of participation.
I met a very difficult environment in the pressure period, an environment that was increasingly pollinated, which is more of the selfish policies and exchange.
Over time, our initiative was approved and successful.
Women won a 17th of the National Congress in the first elections in 52 years.
However, shortly enough, the amount of elections and revolution as a whole, they were disappeared, every day we find news news.
One day we woke up with the news of ancient mosques profit and three-dimensional tensions.
Another day they run with the news of the American rise and the attack to the continent.
Another day we wake up with the news of the murder of the military officer.
And every day, every day we wake up with the government of the military and their victims of human rights of the human rights and their lack of respect from the law.
Our society, shaped by a revolutionary mindset, is pollinated more, and has been removed from the ideals and principles of freedom, diabetes, social justice, that we had at the beginning.
The intervention, the exception and the window became the icons of the consequences of the revolution.
I'm not here today to inspire us with our story of the success of the static "professional and the elections.
So I'm here today to convince you that we, as a nation, we do bad death, we take the wrong decision.
We don't prioritize well.
Because elections didn't take peace and stability and security to Liberia.
The static list and the alternative between candidates and candidate brought peace and national record?
No, they didn't.
What happened then?
Why is our society still pollinated and dominated with selfish policies and exchange, both by men as for women.
Maybe what I would fail was not just women, but the female values of compassion, microscopic and inclusion values.
Our society needs the national dialogue and creation of trust more than it needed the election, which only would bring police and divide it.
Our nation needs the psychological representation of the female restriction to need the national representation and confusion of it.
We need to stop acting as an indicator agents and call the grass day.
We need to start acting as agents of compassion and microscope.
We have to develop a female speech, which is not only honor but also put the misery instead of minimally, collaboration rather than competition instead of experimental competition.
These are the ideals that a Liberia, distributed by war, needs desperately with the end of getting peace.
Because peace has an aircraft that is about international and alternative between female perspective and marketing.
That's the real settlement.
We need to establish that in an existential way before we do it in an energy way.
According to a version of the Koran "The Petrol Pennsyll, peaceful?
At the same time, the word "doctor, which is known in all the alternative traditions -- has the same reason in Arabic that the word "sentence, and the female and malignant word that runs all the human people that men and women, that all tribes and all the people have gone up.
And so, just like the fear moves completely the emergency, it grows into the divine matrix of compassion added all the existence.
That's how you say, "My minister is all things.
That's what it says, "My minister prevented on my ground.
That all of you are aware of the grace of microscope.
Thank you.
I'm here today to talk to you about a remarkable question, which has a equally inspiring response.
This is about the secrets of domestic violence, and the question I'm going to address is that all of us are all -- why does she get it?
Why would anyone stay with a man who was going to give you?
I'm not a psychology, no social work, no expert in domestic violence.
I'm just a woman with a story to tell.
I was 22 years old, I was just fighting at Harvard University.
I had moved to New York for my first job as a writer and prepared in the Service magazine.
I had my first appreciation, my first green terrorist friend American Exploration, and I had a very big secret.
My secret was that many, many times, the man, that I created my twin soul, took me to your head with a pilot, framed with the strip barrels of the street.
The man, that I love more than anyone in this world, put a pill in my head and threatened to kill me more times than I can remember.
I'm here to tell you the story of "The love, a psychological transition, a love park, where every year millions of women, and even some men.
It could even be his story.
I don't look like a typical survival of domestic violence.
I am a partner in English at Harvard University and I have a MIT in marketing of the Karl Business School.
I've spent most of my career working for companies in the Leonardo Fortune, between them Johnson & Johnson and Jewish Lordon and The Washington Port.
I took almost 20 years married with my second husband and we have three children.
My dog is a black ball and you drive a YouTube Olympic mission.
So my first message for you is that domestic violence can happen to anyone, all the race, all the religion, all the levels of noise and education.
It's everywhere.
And my second message is that everybody thinks that domestic violence happens to women, which is a problem of women.
Not exactly.
More than 85 percent of the malaria are men, and the domestic abuse is only happening in intimate relationships, intersections and long duration or, said in a way, in the families, the last place where we want or expect to find violence, which is why domestic abuse is so distributed.
I would have told you that it would be the last person in the world that was going to be with a man who gave him, and actually I was a very typical victim because of my age.
It was 22 years old, and in the United States, the women between 16 and 24 years old.
I was also a typical victim, because I knew nothing about domestic violence, their anti-appearance signals or their patterns.
I met Congo in a cold night of January.
I was sitting on my side at the subway in New York City, and he started healing with me.
He told me two things.
The first one was that he was also just linked from a university of the Ice Record University and worked on a very important bank of Wall Street.
But what struck me in that first encounter was that it was ready and fun, and it seemed like a kid in the countryside.
He had a lot of big moments like many management, and a broken cold, and he looked so sweet.
One of the smartest things I did from the beginning was to create the illusion that I was the dominant component of the mate.
He did it all at the beginning to put it in a penic.
And we started to go out and loved everything from me, which was ready, that he had gone to Harvard -- that he was going to have a passion to help teenage girls, and my job.
I wanted to know everything about my family, my childhood, my dreams and illusions.
I believed in me, as a writer and as a woman, as nobody had ever done it.
And it was why the devastation in that school lamp and the work in Wall Street and his brilliant future had so much important for him.
I didn't know that the first phase in any domestic violence relationship is to bring it and make the victim.
And I didn't know that the second step is to stand up.
Now, the last thing I wanted to do was come from New York and leave my dreams, but I thought I had to do sacrifices for your partner and so I accepted my work and Congo and I went together in Manhattan together.
I had no idea that I was falling in a love "mass, which was coming out of head in a physical transition, financial and psychological photographers.
The next step in the domestic violence pattern is to introduce the threat of violence to see how to react it.
And this is where they go into stage those paintings.
As we moved to New England you know, that site where he was supposed to feel so safe to buy three paintings.
One was in the kitchen of the car.
Another lady under the pillow in our bed and the third always in his pocket.
And he said that I needed those paintings to cause of the trauma that he lived from small.
I need them to feel secure.
But those paintings actually were a message for me, and even though I had never raised my hand, my life was already in serious danger, every minute of every day.
The first physical attack of Congo was five days before our wedding.
It was seven in the morning and still had the shirt.
Five days later, when the 10 mountains of my neck had disappeared -- I put my mother's suit and married with him.
Despite what had happened, I was sure that we were going to live happily forever, because I loved him, and he wanted to love me.
And I was very, very advanced.
It just had been very supported by the wedding and the fact to make a family with me.
It had been an isolated accident and never more would make me harm.
I spent two times more on our skin moon.
The first time I was driving into a secret beach and he lost me, and he gave me so strong in the head that I recorded several times against the contact of the car.
And then, a couple of days later, driving back from our honey moon, he went through the traffic and sent me a Big Mac cover on the face.
I continued to put it up and twice a week for the next two years and a half years of our marriage.
I was wrong when I thought it was the only one in this situation.
One of three American women is a victim of domestic violence or actor at some point in his life, and the disease control of diseases that every year 15 million children are mountains, 15 million.
So actually, I had very good company.
Go back to my question: Why am I me?
The answer is simple.
I didn't know he was complaining of me.
On the contrary, I was a very strong woman, love a deeply supporting man, and it was the only person in the world that could help Come with his demands.
The other question that everybody does is, why simply don't make it flower?
Why don't I get me? I could have gone at any time.
This is the most sad and painful question that people do, because we, the victims, we know something that normally you ignore is incredibly dangerous to abandon a marriage.
Because the last phase in the domestic violence pattern is to kill it.
More than 70 percent of the containers in domestic violence cases happen after the victim has put the end to the relationship, after the leave, because then the advertisement already has nothing to lose.
Other Republicans include the permanent axis, even after the advertisement have gone back to bed generations, and manipulation of family system and family system to land to the victim and their children, who are usually forced by the judges to spend time not with the man who puts their mother.
And yet we continue to ask why it simply doesn't go?
I was able to go back to a last palm blind that I sold my denial.
I realized that the man who loved so much, I would have killed me if he had allowed her.
So I broke the silence.
I told it all over the world, to the police, to my neighbors, to my friends and family, to complete answers, and I'm here today because all of you helped me.
We have the tendency to stimulate victims as specialized tons, self-destructive women.
The question, "Why did it go?
Some people are a way to say, "The blame is you for standing, as if the victims are going to be intense love with men who want to destroy them.
But since I published "My love -- I've heard hundreds of stories of men and women who also spread, who learned an unexpected lesson of what happened to them and reduce their lives of joyful and happy lives as employees, wives, and mothers, lives completely free of violence, like mine.
Because it turns out I'm actually a victim and a very typical domestic violence.
I became married with a handsome and crazy man and we have these three children.
I have that black paradise and also that minister.
What I'm going to have never ever had more, never more, is a forced painting pointing to my head in someone who says that I want to be like.
At this point, they're like, "Thank you, that's fascinating, or "It's "the terms of it, but all this time I've actually been talking about you.
I assure you there are a few people, which you're listening to right now, which are being mountains or that they were small, or they're advanced themselves.
The male could be affecting his daughter, his sister, to his best friend right now.
I was able to put my crazy love love to break the silence.
And I keep doing today.
It's my way to help other victims, and it's my last request to you.
You talk about what you've heard here.
The abuse project only in silence.
They have the power to end up with domestic violence, just release light on it.
victims need everybody.
We need each one of you to understand the secrets of domestic violence.
He climbed out the military to light talking about it with their children, their job partners, their friends and family.
It increases their vision of survivors as fantastic and family people who have a full future.
They recognize the early signs of violence to intervene consciously to stop their scale and show the victims a safe room.
Together, we can turn our beds, our tables and our families in the safe and peaceful parents that should be.
Thank you.
Hi. I call me Cameron Russell, and for a while, I'm a model.
To be precise, for 10 years.
And I feel like at this moment there's an uncomfortable tension in the room because it shouldn't have seen like this.  Unfortunately, I've brought clothes to change it.
This is the first rap change on a TED stage, so you have a lot of lucky to present, I think.
If some of the women were horrified when it comes in, they don't have to tell me now, but I'll find it later in Twitter.
I also want to point out that I have the privilege to change what you think about me in just 10 seconds.
Not everybody has that opportunity.
These guys are very uncomfortable, less bad than I don't have to use them.
The worst part is to pass this subject on your head, because it's when you're going to laugh at me, so you don't do anything while I cover your head.
All right.
Why have I done this?
It's been embarrassing.
Well, I hope not so much like this picture.
The appearance is powerful, but also surface.
I've changed completely what you thought about me in six seconds.
And in this picture, I had never had a little bit in real life.
I was totally uncomfortable, and the photographer said to me that I opened up the back, and he was coming up with the hair of the child.
Of course, except with surgery or an artificial army like the one who made me two days ago for work, there are very little that we could do to transform our looks, which even though surprise and immigrant, has a huge impact in our lives.
So today, for me, being brave means to be honest.
I'm on this stage because I'm a model.
Because I'm a nice, white woman, and in my workforce, that's a sexy girl.
I'm going to answer the questions that people are always doing me, but it survived.
The first question is, how does it be modern?
And I always say, "A cardiovascular found me, but that doesn't mean anything.
The real reason I made model is because I won the genetic lottery. And I'm the benefit of a heritage, and maybe you're wondering what this habitat is.
Well, in the last few centuries we have not only defined beauty as health, youth and symmetry -- which we are biologically programmed to admit -- we've also associated with the high and space foreign, to the market and a white skin.
And that's my heritage that I've been able to thank you to make money.
And I know that there are people in the audience who are now showing scale, and maybe there are some advantages of the fashion that they say, "I think there are National, Toly, John Shakespeare, Tim West.
First of all, the happiness for knowing so many models. It's amazing.
But unfortunately, I have to report that in 2007, a Ph.D. student in New York City told each and every single model in the passion, and from the 170 contract models, only 27 percent, is to say, less than four percent, they were not white.
The next question that people always do me is: Could you be model when it is up?"
And my first answer is: I don't know, I don't get rid of that.
But then, what I would really tell each of these girls is, why? You can be what you want.
You can be president of the United States, or the inventor of the next Internet, or a black black surgery and poetry, which would be amazing, because they were the first one.
If after this spectacular list, you still insects, no, no, Cameron, I want to be a model -- then I tell you, I know my hell.
Because I'm not in charge of anything, and you might be the report of the American magazine magazine or the Earth exploration of HIV, or the next Steven Mexico.
To say that more than you want to be a model is like saying you want to win the lottery when they are larger.
It's outside your control, it's amazing, and it's not a work that you can choose.
I'm going to demonstrate everything I learned in 10 years as a model, because unlike cardiovascular surgery, it can serve right now.
I don't know what happened there.
Unfortunately, once you have already reached your studies, and you have a curriculum and some work to your backs, no matter what you say, is to say, if you said you want to be President of the United States, but your cortex said, model of inner clothes for 10 years, people will look great.
The next question that people always do me is whether all the photos are recorded.
And yes, you probably will resist all the pictures, but that's just a little part of what happens.
This was the first picture they took me -- and also the first time I used a biomass, and I didn't even have even my foot.
I know we're entering the personal ground, but it was a girl.
And so my grandmother was a few months earlier.
These two pictures are the same day.
My friend came with me.
Here I am in a slide party a few days before the pictures for the French vote.
Here I am with my soccer team and the magazine Mars.
And this is me today.
And I hope you realize that I'm not me in those photos.
They're created from a group of professionals, powers, males, photographers and stability, and all their homes and penis and post-conflict, and they can create this. That's not me.
Well, the next question that people are always doing me is: Do you get things free.
I have too many 20 cases and I never use, except the previous couple but the privilege that I get in real life, and that we don't like to talk about.
I grew up in Cambridge, and once I went to a store and I forgot to take money, and they gave me the free dress to me.
When I was a teenager, I was traveling with my friend who was a death point, he jumped up a series in red and of course, she would stop, and I got a sense of it, and it was advanced to be able to keep going.
And I learned from these privilege for me, not because of what I am. And there are people who are paying a price on their way without matter who they are.
I live in New York City, and last year, of the 1700, teenagers who were paid and recorded -- 80 percent were black and Latino and most of them were young men.
And there are only 135,000 black young black young black young black young black men in New York, so for them, is not a question of standing on me?
But how many times would you stop.
When I research for this talk, I learned that 58 percent of 13-year-old girls in the United States don't like his body, and that number is supported to 70 percent at the age of 17, and that number.
So the last question that people ask me is: What is the life of a model?
And I think the answer that you expect is -- if you're a little bit more thin and you have the most brilliant hair, you feel very happy and great.
And behind the cameras, we give a answer that maybe it looks like this.
We say, it's really wonderful to travel, and also incredible can work with creative people, income and passionate people.
And all of that is true, but it's just a part of what happens, because what we never say in front of the cameras -- what I have never said in front of them, is: I'm an inspiration.
And I'm because I have to worry about myself every day.
And if you ever ask you to ask, with a few more deadlines and the most brilliant hair, will be happier.
They only have to gather with a group of models, because they have the most thin legs, the brighter and the clothing more to fashion -- but they probably are the most sensitive women on the planet.
But especially it was hard to analyze a situation of racial and gender observation when I am one of the greatest benefits.
If there's something that comes from this talk, I hope you all feel more comfortable when you recognize the power of the image in the perception that we have from success and failure.
Thank you.
The photograph has been my passion since it was bigger enough to hold a camera, but today I want to share with you my 15 more pictures of photos, and I wasn't I who get them.
There were no artistic directors, no stressed, no opportunity to repeat the photographs, no even a very minimum care in lighting.
In fact, most of them were going to pull them to the random.
My story starts when I found out in New York City to give a position, my wife gave me this picture to holding my daughter in the day of his first birthday. That's the corner of 57 and five percent.
He was able to go back to New York City just a year later, so we decided to get the same picture.
Well, you can imagine what comes now.
When the third birthday of my daughter was approaching my daughter, my wife told me, why don't you go to Saturn to New York in a word stone, and continue the risk?
This is when we started asking the tourists that they were going to take us the picture.
It's amazing that the gesture of driving the camera to a complete stranger is so universal.
No one has been denied and, fortunately, never has been born with the camera.
And so we weren't aware of how much life would change this journey.
It became something sacred for us.
This picture is a few weeks after 9/11 and I had to explain to my daughter what had happened that day so a five-year-old girl could understand.
These pictures are much more than represented by a concrete moment or a specific journey.
They're also a way to stop time in a week of October and to make them reflect about our time and our evolution over the years, and not only at the physical level, but in all the senses.
Because, although we always get the same picture, our perspective changes, my daughter gets new habits, and I can see life through his eyes and how to perceive and interact with everything.
That time in concrete that we spend together is something that we hope with illusion all the year.
Recently, in one of the travel, we were walking up, when suddenly he stopped in dry and pointed a red table of the rubber store that I was left in the previous visit.
And I described what I had felt at five years standing in that same place.
I started to remember his heart beating with force when he sees that place for the first time nine years ago.
And now what you look at in New York are universities, because it's decided to study in New York.
And I suddenly understood that one of the most important things that we create is the memories.
So I want to share the idea of engaging in the creation of memories of memories.
I don't know you, but apart from these 15 photos, I didn't go in many of the family photos.
I'm always the one who took the picture.
Today I want to encourage you all to come up in the picture, and I don't doubt to close to somebody and ask you to say, "Do you get a picture.
Thank you.
I'd like to talk to you about a very special group of animals.
There are 10,000 species of birds in the world.
Breaths are in the more threatened birds.
First of all, why do you have so bad prepared?
It has also been associated with Depression risks like medical characters like medical characters, silly stories.
More recently, if you've been following the Kenyan press, anger and advances and embraces these are the attributes that associate with the Kenyan Parliament. But I don't accept it.
Don't accept it. You know why?
Because Parliament members don't keep clean the environment.  The paradigms don't help prevent the spread of disease.
They're far away from extinction.  And my favorite, the games have better presentation.   There are two kinds of business on this planet.
There are the New World New World Bangs who are mostly in the Americas, like the corals and the cartoons, and the Big World vehicles where we have 16 species -- from these 16 and 11 and a half risk of extinction.
So why are the games important? First of all, provide vital ecological services -- Liberia.
It's our natural garbage regime.
They chose the characters to the bone.
They help kill all the bacteria. They help absorb the new one that not to be for them, and they cause great losses of livestock and diseases in other animals.
Recent recent has shown that in areas where there are no vegetables, the parents are going to take three to four times more time in decrease, and this has huge robotics in the spread of disease.
Buts also have huge historical importance.
They've been associated with old Egyptian culture.
Soldie was the symbol of the protection and the killing and along with the collection, we simulated the unit between the top and the Lower Egypt.
In the homeless mythology, Japan was the golden god and risked his life to save the Sweden God of 10 Random heads.
In the school culture, they do a lot of important people coming into open sky. In places like Turkey, there is no place to get to the dead, or wood to create them, so these videos provide a natural choice system.
What's the problem with the grandmothers?
We have eight species of vegetables in Kenya, which six are in extreme threats of extinction.
The reason is that they're being advanced, and the reason that they're being sent is because there are conflicts between humans and the factory.
In South Asia, in countries like India and Pakistan, four species of viruses are in the critical list of endangered danger -- which means that in less than 10 or 15 years ago, it was extinct and the reason is because it falls away from the livestock consumption that has been treated with an analog drug like December.
This drug has been banned to use veterinarians in India and have taken a prison.
Because there are no vegetables, there has been a staircase in the number of street dogs in the country versions, and when you have street dogs -- you have a huge time bomb for rainforest." The number of radio has increased enormously in India.
Kenya is going to have one of the largest wind parks in Africa, 350 assistants are going to be on the Tars Turkey.
I'm not against wind energy, but we have to work with governments, because wind turbines do this to birds. They cut them up in half.
They're birds of birds.
In West Africa, there is a horrible trade of dead businesses to serve the bone and the recycling market.
So what is doing -- well, we're looking at these birds. We're putting them transportation.
We're trying to determine its basic ecology, and see where they go.
We can see that traveling through different countries, so to focus on a local problem it's not going to serve anything.
We have to work with governments in regional levels.
We're working with local communities.
We are talking to them about learning the birds, about the need to appreciate these wonderful creatures and the services that provide it.
How can you help it? It can be actively active, and you can write a letter to your government and tell you we have to focus on these very literally critical creatures.
When they come out of this room, they were informed about the vegetables, but they talk to their families, with their children, with their neighbors on the volunteers.
They are very elegant -- Charles Darwin said that he changed an opinion because he saw them fly without effort, no energy spending in the sky.
Kenya, this world, will be much more poor without these wonderful species.
Thank you very much.
Every single thing I do and all I do predictions my life, has been moving for seven years of work during my youth in Africa.
Since 1968, to 1987, I see young people, but I'm no longer --  I worked in Zambia. Kero Confolm, Archie and Somalia, in projects of technical cooperation with African countries.
I worked for an Italian NGO, and every project that we established in Africa.
And I was determined.
I thought, at 21, that Italians were good people, and we were doing a good job in Africa.
In place of that, all we played is what we did.
Our first project, which inspired my first book, "The Middle Search of the Zero, was a project where some Israelis decided to teach people from Zambia to grow food.
So we came up with state stations in southern Zambia.
Of course, people were not at all interested in doing that, so we were going to be paid to come to work, and sometimes they didn't happen.  We were amazed that the local people, in so broken valley, they didn't have agriculture.
However, instead of asking them how it was possible that they didn't grow anything, we just said, "Thank God that we are here."  "I think of time to save people from Zambia season.
And of course, everything in Africa is growing beautiful.
We got these great faces -- in Italy, a taboo grew up to this size -- in Zambia, on this size.
And we couldn't believe it, we were saying to the records, "Look, what easy is agriculture.
When the tomatoes were beautiful, bad and red, at night to the morning, about 200 subjects came up from the river.  And we said to the records, "My God, the hypothesis?
And the restrictions said, "Yes, that's why we don't have agriculture here --  "Why didn't you say it, "I never asked it."
I thought that we were only the Italians who were eating errors in Africa, but then, I saw what Americans did, what the English did, what the French did, what the French did, and after seeing what they were doing, I felt pretty proud of our project in Zambia.
Because, as you see, at least feeding the helicopters.
You want to see the descriptions?  You want to see the waste that we are dealing with people in Africa.
He wants to read a book, read "Don Mars, from Dan May, economic device.
The book published in 2009.
You know, Western donors Western -- we've moved to the African continent two million dollars over the last 50 years.
I'm not telling you about the damage that the money has happened.
He just read his book.
Lab from a part of a African woman, the damage that we've done.
Westerners are productivity, colonizing microscopes, and we treat people only in two ways, or the parallels, or we are patients.
The two words come from the Latin root "Look, which means "London?
However, it means two different things.
Participant, I try any of a different culture as if they were my kids, "I want a lot.
Consumer, I treat all of a different culture as if they were my services.
So the white in Africa are called "The Hei.
That book gave me a stone on the face -- "The small is beautiful, written by School, who said about every economic development -- if people don't want to be help, they stop alone.
This must be the first principle of aid.
The first principle of aid is solved.
This morning, the gentleman who opened this conference put a cane on the ground and said, can we imagine a city that isn't really?
I decided the 27 years just respond to people, and I invented a system called Company Carbonizan where you never start nothing, you ever motivate anyone, but it becomes a service of local passion, the service of the local passion, the series of the local to become a better person.
So what do you do? It's shut up.
It comes to a community with an idea, and they sit with the people of the population.
We don't work from the offices.
We met in a coffee. We met on a bar.
We have zero infrastructure.
And what do we do? We become friends, and we find out what the person wants to do.
The most important thing is passion.
You can give you an idea to somebody else.
If that person doesn't want to do that, what is going to do you?
The passion that she has for its own growth is the most important thing.
The passion that man has for its own personal growth is the most important thing.
And then we help find knowledge, because nobody in the world can be successful alone.
The person with the idea may not have the knowledge, but knowledge is available.
So years and years ago, I had this idea, why not we, for one time instead of getting to a community to tell people what to do, why not, for one time, we heard them, but not in community meetings.
Let me tell you a secret.
There's a problem with community meetings.
The entrepreneurs never appear, and they will never tell you, in a public meeting, what they want to do with their own money, what opportunity has identified for.
So, planning has this blind dot.
The smartest people in their community, you don't even know them, because they don't attend their public meetings.
What do we do? We work one to one, and we work face-to-face -- you have to create social infrastructure, which doesn't exist.
You must create a new profession.
The profession is the family family of the company, the family of the business of the business, which sits with you in your house, on the table of your kitchen, in your coffee, and that helps you find the resources to transform its passion in a way of winning life.
I started this as a test in Earth, city of Western Australia.
I was doing a Ph.D. at that time, trying to get out of this constant junk that we came to tell you what to do.
In a year, I had 27 projects on me, and the government came to me to see to ask, "How can you do that?
How can you do that? And I said, "I'm something very, very, very difficult.
I read and I listen to you,   So the government says, "Oh again,  We've done it in 300 communities in the world.
We've helped start 40,000 businesses.
There's a new generation of entrepreneurs that are dying of supermarket.
Peter Karl, one of the greatest corporate angels of history, failed to the '90s, a few years ago.
Peter Alabama was a philosophy professor before involved in business, and this is what Peter Parkinson's says, "The planning is actually absorbing with a society and an innovative company economy.
Planner is the kiss of the death of corporate spirit.
So now you can rebuild Christian, without knowing what the most honest people in Christian, want to do with their own money and their own energy.
You have to learn how to get these people to talk to you.
You have to offer predator to private monitoring, you have to be fantastic to help, and then you get attack, you get in mass.
In a community of 10,000 people, we got 200 customers.
Can you imagine a community of 400,000 people, intelligence and passion.
What do you think of you have heard more this morning, right?
passionate local people. That's what you've been addressed.
So what I'm telling you is that the entrepreneurial spirit is where it is.
We're at the end of the first industrial revolution -- and in the first industrial revolution -- manufacturing fossils and one moment to another, we have systems that are not sustainable.
The internal combustion engine is not sustainable.
The brakes as a way to sustain machines is not sustainable.
What we have to consider is how we nurture us, we create, we educate them, we grow to seven billion people, in a sustainable form.
There are no technologies to do it.
Who is going to invent the technology for green revolution?
The government, Afghanistan."
It will be entrepreneurs and they're doing it now.
There's a lovely story that I read in a Russian magazine many, many years ago.
There was a group of experts that were invited to debate the future of New York City in the year 1880.
And in the year 1860, this group of people, and they heard about what happened to the city in New York City in 100 years, and the conclusion was being adopted -- the city of New York City not existed within 100 years.
Why? Because they looked at the curve and surrounded it, if the population kept growing up to this rate, to translate the population of New York to the together, they would require six million horses -- and the manure produced by six million horses would be impossible to address.
They were already lying in standard.  And so in 1860, they were discussing this dirty technology that we opened in New York City.
So what happens? In the next 40 years, in 1900, in the United States, there were 1,000 autonomous companies, authenticity community.
The idea of finding a different technology was absolutely absorbed and there were very few strangers, shamed, factories in the paradoxical places.
Denamic, Michael, Henry Ford.
However, there is a secret to work with entrepreneurs.
First of all, you have to get them Mariatically.
And another way, not going to come up with you.
And then you have to offer them an absolute thing, decent, passionate service.
And then you will have to tell the truth with respect to empathy.
The smallest company, the largest company, has to be able to do three main things, the product that you want to sell has to be fantastic, you have to count with a fantastic marketing, and you have to tell a great financial administration of it.
Guess what?
We've never met a single human being in the world that I can do, selling and looking for money alone.
There is no one.
This still hasn't born.
We've invented and looking at the 100 talks of the Carnegie world, Western world, Americans, Ford, all new companies, Google, Galan.
There is only one thing that all successful companies in the world have in common, only one, none was started by one person.
There was the word "I wanted -- but the word "we threw the word "we three times.
He wasn't just when he started.
Nobody starts a company alone. nobody.
So we can create the community where we have content who come from an environment of small businesses sitting in carbon, on bars alongside their dedicated comments who will make for you, what someone did for this gentleman who talks about this explosion, somebody who would ask you -- what does it need?
What can you? Can you do it?
Well, can you sell it? Can you look for money?
"Oh, no, I can't do that." "I want you to look for somebody else?
We activate communities.
Thank you.
People who surround us can help us in many ways to improve our lives.
We don't know all the neighbors, so we don't get a lot of knowledge in spite of sharing the same public spaces.
In the last few years, I've tried to share more with my neighbors in public space, with simple tools like substances, partnerships and chalk.
These projects came from questions like, how many of my neighbors pay for their angels?
How can we pay and ask more things without calling the door in a bad moment?
How do you share more memories of our abandoned buildings and understand our landscape?
How do we share our hopes more than the empty stores so that our communities can reflect our needs and dreams?
I live in New Orleans, and I'm love in New Orleans.
My soul always finds relief with giant robots who give shadow to advantages, balls and solar for centuries, and I trust a city.
And there's a car in New Orleans.  The city has one of the most beautiful architects in the world, but also one with the largest amount of abandoned property in America.
I live close to this house and I thought how it could become a more enjoyable space for the neighborhood and also in something that changed my life forever.
In 2009, I lost somebody who loved a lot.
It was Japan, as a mother for me.
His death was and unexpected and unexpected death.
I thought a lot about death.
And this gave me a profound gratitude over time living and ...
He gave the meaningful things about my current life.
But check to keep this look at my everyday life.
It seems to me that it's easy to let me catch on the day and forget the really important thing for one.
So with the help of old and new friends turned out the wall of this house abandoned in a giant mountain and painted on her fragments to find, "How do I die I want ...
So the trains could take a choice, reflect on their lives and share personal aspirations in public space.
I didn't know what to expect this experiment, but the next day the wall was ready and kept covering it.
And I'd like to share some things that people wrote on the wall.
And I want to be a polar profit to be a paradise --  "Look of dying I want to sit down on the line of floor change.
"I want to sing for millions of people.
So I want to play a tree for a tree."
"I want to live outside the network.
"I want to hug it once again."
"I want to go to someone else's rescue.
"I want to be completely myself."
This abandoned space came together and the dreams and the hope of people made me laugh at cartoons, and I woke up, and they gave me advice in hard times.
It's about knowing that you're not alone. It's about understanding our neighbors in new and entrepreneurial ways, it's about giving it to the reflection and the pollution and to remember what is the most important thing for us as we grow and change.
This happened last year, and I started receiving hundreds of messages of passionate people who wanted to make a wall in their community.
So with my civic center, we made a kit and now have been done in countries around the world, like Kansas, South Australia, Australia, Argentina and beyond.
Together, we proved the power of our public spaces if they give us the opportunity to express them and share each other.
Two of the most valuable things that we have is time and our relationships with other people.
In our era of distribution, it's more important than ever, find the ways to preserve perspective and remembering that life is slowly and character.
Death is something that we often get to talk about, or even think, but I understand that we prepare for death is one of those things that are more power.
Think about the death of our life.
Our shared spaces can reflect better than what we care about as individuals and as a community and more media to share hope, fears and stories, people that surround us cannot only help us improve places, can help improve our lives.
Thank you.
Thank you.
I have a single request today.
Please don't tell me I'm normal.
Now I'd like to introduce you to my sisters.
Rome is 22 years old, it's high and very glamorous.
You don't speak to it, but it takes better joy than some of the best officers.
He knows what love is.
It's going to compare it to the anti-appearance pass what happened.
It's not absolutely. It doesn't look at the color of the skin.
It doesn't care about religious differences and end in this, never measured.
When I sang songs of our childhood, I tried to try and prove words that I couldn't even address -- I remember one thing, how little we know about the mind and how wonderful it should be the unknown.
San has 16 years old. It's very grade.
It makes the memory more imagination.
However, it's a selective memory.
I didn't remember if I stole my chocolate, but I remember the year I came out every one of the songs of my iPod, conversations that we kept when I was four years old, I was my father in my arm during the first episode of the Telescopes and the birthday of Lady Garden.
Do you don't seem to be amazing.
But most people don't agree.
And in fact, because their minds are not advanced to the concept of society, they often are ignored and incomplete.
But what drives my heart and strengthen my soul was even if that was the case, even though I didn't consider them inside the audience, that could only mean one thing, that they were extraordinarily automated and extraordinary.
Now, for those least familiar with the term "former, it's a complex brain disorder that affects social communication, learning and sometimes the physical skills.
In every individual they manifest differently, from there that Rome is so different to Sam.
And all over the world, every 20 minutes, you diagnose a new case of autism, and even though it's one of the development disorders that faster increases in the world, there's no cause and color color.
I don't remember my first encounter with autism, but I don't remember one day without it.
I was only three years old when my brother came to the world, and I was very excited about having a new self in my life.
When I spent a few months, I realized he was different.
It takes a lot.
I didn't want to play like the other babies and in fact, it didn't seem very interested in me.
It was living and queen in his own world, with his own rules, and I found pleasure in the smallest things, like putting the cars in row around the room, looking at the washing washing and eating anything that would have between the media.
As it grew up, it became more different, and the differences were made more electronics.
But beyond the beaches, the frustration and the interconnected advantage, there was something really unique.
Excellent.
I can't deny that there have been some tough moments in my family, time when I wish they were just like me.
But I look back to the things that have taught me about individuals, communication and love, and I realize that they're things that don't want to change for normal.
The normal goes through the beauty that give us the differences, and the fact of being different doesn't mean that some of them are wrong.
It just means that there's a different view of what's right.
If I could convey one thing to Rememe and Sam and you would be not to be normal.
They can be extraordinary.
Because autism or not, the differences that we have, are a gold, each one of us has a gift in their interior, and honestly, the pursuit of normal, is the last sacrifice of potential.
The opportunity for greatness and progress and change died at the time we try to be as everybody else.
Please don't say I'm normal.
Thank you.
Five years ago, I experienced a little bit of what has been to be American in the World Country.
Paul State asked me, a computer teacher, who gave a kind of communication to engineering students.
He was frightened.  And surrounded with these students with their big minds, their big books and his big and unknown words.
But when we developed those conversations -- I felt what Alice had to have felt when I fell through the hole of the rabbit and saw the door of a new world.
Just so I felt when I had those conversations with students, I was surprised by ideas that they had, and I wanted others to experience this wonderful world.
And I think the key to open that door is a great communication.
We need a huge communication of our scientists and engineers in order to change the world.
Our scientists and engineers are the ones that are attacking our larger challenges from energy to environment and health care, among others, and if we don't know about this, the work is not done, and I think it's our responsibility as not scientists having these interactions.
But these big conversations can't happen if our scientists and engineers are not invited to see their wonderful world.
So scientists and engineers -- please, self-sexual senses.
I want to share some suggestions about how you can do it to make sure that your science is sexy and that your engineering is attractive.
First question to answer it, and then what?
Tell us why science is relevant to us.
They don't tell us just to study the stresses, but they study the suits, which are the mesh structure of our bones because it's important to understand and treat assistance.
And when they're describing their science, careful with the syringe.
The queen is a obstacle for our understanding of their ideas.
Second, you can say "sentence and temporal, but why not say "such and time, which is much more accessible to us?
Make action is not the same thing as you can make them.
On the contrary, as Einstein said, it's all as simple as possible, but not simple.
They can clearly communicate their science without buying the ideas.
So one thing to consider is to use examples, stories and analogies -- they're ways to fit and engage them with their content.
And when they present his work, forget about the signs of "The "Computer.
You have wondered why you call "The Bangladesh."  What do the balls do, the bullets kill them, and kill your presentation.
A film like this is not only boring, but it supports too much in the language area of our brain and opens us.
Instead, this example of Green Brown is much more effective -- it shows that the special structure of the strategies is so strong that it really inspired the single design of the Eiffel Tower, actually.
The trick here is to use a simple phrase that the public can understand if you lose a little bit, and at the next, providing graphs that you use to our other senses and you believe a deeper sense of understanding what it is described with.
I think these are just some key ones that can help others open the door and look at the country of wonders that is science and engineering.
And so, scientists and engineers -- when you get this equation, all the media, you have a simulation.  Thank you.
One of my favorite words of all the entire Oxford English Dictures is "Channel?
Just because it sounds very well.
And "Warren, it means "the desk.
Though there was a presidential editor of the 19th century that makes it much better when he said, "A terrorist is the one who looked for a public card without matter part, platform or principles, and that when I win, I get it for the use of a vertical monument recording the store.
I have no idea what "Interviewer:
Something to do with words, I guess.
It's very important that words are the basis in politics, and that all politicians know that they have to try to dominate language.
It wasn't until -- for example, 1777, that the British Parliament allowed newspapers to quote the words that were said in the parliament campaign.
And all of this was because of the courage of a guy with the name of Brown Cross, who was faced in the Park.
They would give him on the Tower of London and we got it buried, but he had enough courage to face them, and at the end he had such a popular support in London that won.
And just a few years later, we had the first registered use of the phrase -- the blood so broken.
Most people think it's limited.
It's not. It's for a defense of freedom of expression.
But to show you really how words and politics interact -- I want you to go back to the United States, just after independence.
So they had to address the question of how to call George Washington, his leader.
They didn't know.
How do you call the leader of a Republican country?
This was designed in Congress for a long time.
They were presented all kinds of suggestions that might have failed.
Some of you wanted to call it "The Washington of State Washington, and others, "The Alabate George Washington, and other "The Loving City Liberalogs.
Not very aware.
Some people just wanted to call it "in "The Person?
They thought it was quality.
And even with them were monitoring, they had the idea that you could be picked up King for a particular term.
And I could have serious.
All the world has been surprised, because this debate was spread for three weeks.
I read the newspaper of a poor sandwich, and he always wrote with this topic?
What caused the retrofitter and the guy was the Conform of Republicans was against the Sergio.
The Republic of Republicans didn't want Washington to be embraced of power.
They didn't want to call it Richard because he was giving him to her or his support ideas.
So they wanted to give the title more modest and more international and more lander that came up with.
And that title was "London.
President did not invent the title of the title, but it only meant "The pressure of a meeting.
It was like the president of a jury, though.
And I didn't have a lot more gravity than the term "and or "The "sentence?
There were pressures of small pollinators of little colonialists and government failure, but it really was an intense title.
And that's why the Senate is optimized.
They said, "It's ridiculous, we can't call it president.
"You know, you have to sign treated and meet with foreign decisions.
Who will take serious with a very ridiculous and international title as President of U.S.,
And finally, after three weeks of debate, the Senate didn't choose.
We can learn three interesting things from all this.
First of all, and this is my favorite to where I've been able to find out, the Senate has never declined the title of President.
President Barack Obama is lucky to follow there, waiting for the Senate in action.
The second thing we can learn is that when a government says that one measure is temporary --  -- you might be waiting for 250 years more.
But the third thing we can learn -- and this is the most important thing, and this is what I want to leave you, is that the U.S. title is not really so modest today, right?
Especially if you have more than 5,000 nuclear heads to discussion, the largest economy in the world and a fleet of aerial vehicles and so on.
The reality and the story has given the temperature of graphics.
So the season won the Sergio.
They got their breath of responsibility.
And also the other concern of September, the appearance of non-zero-sum -- well, it was a unique survival.
But do you know how many nations are presented now?
And everything because they want to sound like the guy who has the 5,000 nuclear heads, etc.
So, at the end of the Senate Sandame and the Copernicus of Persian Republicans, because no one is going to feel humble when they tell them that they're the president of America.
And I think that's the great lesson we can learn, and that I would like to leave you.
The politicians try to choose and use words to shape and control reality, but really, the modern reality is much more than the words that they could change reality.
Thank you very much.
I'm 45 feet under land in an illegal mine in Ghana.
The air is affordable and dust, and it's hard to breathe.
I feel the rock of solid bodies in the dark, but I can't see much more.
I saw voices that speak but above all, that capital of male atoms and stones with primitive tools.
Like the others, it took a cheap light skin store to the head with this administrative plant, and I can barely distinguish the branches of branches that hold the walls from that hole from a meter that falls hundreds of meters on the ground.
I stood up my hand, and I suddenly remember a minute that I met days before, who lost control and killed me in that point.
As I talk to you today, these men are on the deep of that hole risked their lives without paid and regulated and, often die.
I went out of that hole and I went home, but they might never do it, because they're prepared from slavery.
In the last 28 years I was documenting native cultures in over 70 countries in six continents, and in 2009, I had the great honor of being the only experiment at the Spanish Peace Court.
Among all of the amazing people I met there I met an interest from "The Stanford The Stanford, a NGO that is dedicated to eradicate modern slavery.
We started talking about slavery and really, I started learning about slavery because I knew it existed in the world but not to such a grade.
When we finished talking to me, I felt very bad, I was absolutely embarrassed to ignore this attention of our days and thought, if I don't know, how many people don't know?
I made a stone stone and weeks later, I went to Los Angeles to meet the Director of Scott and offer my help.
So I started my journey to modern slavery.
Interestingly, I've been in many of these sites.
Some of them, I considered them to consider my second home.
But this time, I would check the dirty trips.
A conservative calculation says that there are now over 27 million people displaced in the world.
It's twice the number of African Africans all the way of transportation slaves.
150 years ago, the cost of an agricultural slave was about three times the annual salary of a U.S. worker worker.
The equivalent to about 50 thousand today.
However, today, you can be released to entire families for generations for genoming girls from 18 percent.
Specifically, slavery generates profits of more than 13 billion dollars a year around the world.
Many of them have been trained with false professionals of good education and better work to find out that they're forced to work without pay, under threat of violence and can't escape.
Today, slavery operates in trade, the goods produced by slaves have value, but those who produce them are displays.
slavery exists in almost everyone and yet it's illegal all over the world.
In India and Nepal, I met the handle horizons.
This strange and bizarre show was like entering the ancient Egypt or the Dance Defense.
So let's invest in a temperature of 54 C. Men, women, kids, in fact, family families in a heavy ball of dust, and they charge mechanically bricks in their heads, until 18 to the time, and they take them from the advertising hormones to trucks that are at hundreds of feet.
Developed by the mountain and the charity working on silence, doing this task over and over again for 16 or 17 hours a day.
There were no plans to eat, not to drink, and the severe drug was made to be a pretty intrinsically interesting.
So her pressure was the heat and the dust that my camera became too hot, and she stopped working.
Every 20 minutes I had to run to the car to clean the team and make it work with air conditioning to return and sit there, I thought, my camera receives a much better treatment than these people.
Back in the oven, I wanted to cry, but the alien that I was on my side quickly was left and said, "Look, you don't do it. You don't do it."
And I really explained very clearly that showing emotions is very dangerous in places like this, not just for me but for them.
I couldn't offer any direct help.
I couldn't give you money, nothing.
I was not a citizen of that country.
I could put them in a worse situation than they were gone.
I had to trust "The Stanford and work within the system for her release and trust that I would get it.
In terms of me, I hope to get home to feel my heart.
In the Himalayas, I found kids running down for miles by miles by mountains to trucks that were waiting for down.
Those big particles were more heavy than the children who were carried and children would hold them into their heads with hidden streets made of streets, strings and wonderful.
It's hard to present something so overwhelmed.
How can we influence something so incredible, but so superficially?
Some of you don't even know that they're slaves -- they work 16 or 17 hours a day without paid because this has been the whole life.
They have nothing to compare to.
When these villages rebuild their freedom, the entrepreneurs burn their houses.
When I heard the world stability often thought about sexual traffic and because of this global awareness to me that would be hard to work with security in this particular business.
In Kenya, I was commissioned to women who had been previously sexually space.
I was driven by some analogies that they gave up this standard standard, of taxist light.
It wasn't exactly a block.
It was more than a restaurant.
Resistance, as you know in the office, you are local for force prostitution.
They have small rooms, private rooms, where the slaves with their girls and children, some of the only seven years, are forced to go to the clients and they are forced to buy more food and alcohol.
Each is dark and dark, identified by a number painting on the wall and divided by a baseball and a curtain.
The workers often suffer sexual abuse of their customers.
From foot in the legacy, I remember that I would have felt a strange fear fear and in that instant, I could barely imagine what it should be going to be stuck in that inferrea.
I just had a stick, the stairs.
There were no donors before.
There were no big enough windows to travel.
Those people don't have streets, and because we play a very difficult topic, it's important to stop that slavery even sexual traffic is happening around us.
There are hundreds of people displaced in agriculture, in restaurants in the domestic service, and the list can continue.
Recently, the New York Times reported that between 100,000 and 300,000 American children sold every year as sex slaves.
It is per choice, but we don't see it.
Texts are another activity that often related to the labor of space.
I saw Indian villages where there were entire families in the behavior of silk.
This is a family return.
The black hands of black are the father, the blue and red, from their children.
And you focus on these big barriers and smooth silk in the liquid to the country, but the ink is toxic.
My interpretation told me their stories.
We don't have freedom, they said.
"We hope, however, can come out of this house a day and go somewhere else where we really pay our job."
It's estimated that there are more than 4,000 children established in Lake Bang, the largest artificial lake in the world.
When we arrived, I went to take a quick look.
I saw what seemed to be a fishing family in a boat, two older brothers, some younger kids, makes sense right?
Wrong. They were all slaves.
Children are separated from their transitional families, disappearing and forced to work together extra extension in these boats.
This boy is eight years old.
When our boat came up was terrible, it was feared that his little hut was trained.
I was paralyzed by the fear of the water.
The street radios of the trees supported in Lake Valentine often attracted networks and children, failing and fear -- they spread into water to hide the branches.
Many of them are gone.
Since I remember, it's always been forced to work on the lake.
As a fear of his love is not going to flee and, as all of life has been treated with creature, critical tries to the youngest slaves under their man.
I met these guys at five o'clock in the morning, when they were leaving the latest networks, but they had been working from the one.
It's the cold night and a window.
And I would notice that these networks weigh over 400 pounds when they're full of fish.
I want to introduce you to Korea.
Karl was rescued in a fishing village.
I met it in a refugee where "I was the Super Rendering of slavery.
She sentenced the possible.
Who will be because someone decided to make the difference in their life?
I put through a road in Ghana with partners of "Green and Spanish, a radical comment with his engine suddenly accelerated and went through our car and I took the window.
He asked us to go on a road road to the forest.
At the end of the road, I went into the car, and I asked the driver to come out quickly.
And then he pointed out this very simple visitor and said, "This is the track, this is the path. Come on.
As we started to go down, we took the ads that block the road and after walking around a few hours, we found that the road was lying for the rains of rain, so I put the pictures of photos on my head as we went down in these waters to the chest.
After two hours of walking, the way I ended up ended up completely in a clear -- and we had a mass of holes that could fit in a football field, and they were all filled with underground workers.
Many women had children tied up to their backs, and as they were looking for gold, they would walk in water dealing with market.
The market is used in the extraction process.
These mines are locked up in a little bit somewhere in Ghana.
When they came out of the peak they were embedded in their own sweat.
I remember looking at his eyes, infected, because many had been under land for 72 hours.
The pits have up to 90 feet, and these people are carrying heavy pieces of stone that then will be transported to another area where they send the stone to be able to extract the gold.
First of all, the site seems to be filled strong men and vegetables, but if we look closer to the sea -- the sea is working at other less fortunate and also children.
They're all victims of lists, disease and violence.
In fact, it's very likely that this museum ends up like this victim of tuberculosis and the management advertisement in a few years.
This is Mars. When his father died, his uncle took him to work with him in the mines.
By dying their uncle, Mars is the debt of the uncle what force it to be slave in the mines.
When I met it, I had worked on the mines 14 years and the injury of the leg that you see here is a product of an accident in the mine, so severe that doctors said it had to be absolutely.
In addition to that, Mars has tuberculosis, and not until that, it's forced to work night and day in that mine.
Yet, he used to be released and educated with help from local activists like "Green Those Supersons and this kind of detection, from face to a remote possibility, which inspires me a lot of respect.
I want to throw light on slavery.
They knew their images would be seen by you around the world.
I wanted you to know that we will take the testimony of them and we will do everything possible to help change their lives.
I just think that if we can see each other as human beings, then it's very difficult to tolerate atrocities like slavery.
These images are not marketing -- they're from people, real people, like you, and like me, that deserve the same rights, dignity and respect in their lives.
There is no day that happens that I don't think of these as many beautiful people, monitoring that I've had the great honor to know.
I hope these images will wake up a force in which you see them, in people like you, and I hope that that force is going to turn out a fire, and that fire shine light on slavery because, without that light, the sexual of slavery can continue to live in the shadows.
Thank you very much.
I make an app math and there's a peculiar problem for who it does, we are like the management consumption.
Nobody knows what the hell we do.
So today I'm trying to try to explain what I do.
The dance is one of the most human activities.
We set out the victims of the bank, and the plastic dancers --  we will see more ahead.
But the ball will demand a degree of extraordinary training, a high level of distribution and probably a very initial attitude that can well have a genetic component.
Unfortunately, neurological disorders like Parkinson's distributed this extraordinary ability, as it does with my friend named San Solar who, in his time, was a basketball violence.
Over the last few years has been progress a lot about treatment.
However, there are six million people in the world who are sick, and they have to deal with an absolute confusion, terrorists, links and other symptoms of this disease, so we need objective tools to detect the disease before it is too late.
We need to be able to measure progress in a objective way, and in definition, the only way we know if there is really a cure to be when we have an objective and curious measure.
But it's frustrating that for the Parkinson's and other movements of movement there are no biological markers -- so they don't solve blood analysis and the best thing we have is a neuroscience of 20 minutes.
You have to go to a clinic to do it. It's very, very expensive, and that means that outside the clinical trials, you never do it.
And what if patients could do it at home?
That would save a difficult journey to the clinic -- what if patients could do the test themselves.
It didn't need to be personal.
By the way, costs about 300 dollars in the neurological clinic.
So what I want to do as a nonprofit way to try and try -- you see, in a sense at least, we're all victims like my friend Jane Albert.
This is a video of video strings.
It shows someone healthy while I get sounds when they speak. We can imagine them as dancers of a vocal bank, because we have to coordinate all of those vocal organs to produce sound, and we all have the genes needed the Pacific, for example.
And as the bank, it requires a level of extraordinary training.
Let's think about the time that leads to a child learning to speak.
From sound, we can track the position of vocal strings as they travel, and as the Parkinson's affect the limbs and also affect the vocal organs.
On the bottom of the bottom you can see an example of the spread of the vocal strings.
We see the same symptoms.
Breathing and fuel and right stuff.
The speech becomes more quiet and advanced after a while, and this is an example of the symptoms.
How do you compare these extension translations based on the video clinical trials -- well, both of them are not invisible.
The neurological theme is not invisible. They both use existing infrastructure.
You don't need to design a whole series of hospitals to do it.
Both of these are precise. Well, but also the tests based on voice are not specialized.
I mean, they can be an unit.
They do very quickly, they take about 30 seconds like a lot.
They are the minimum cost, and we all know what happens.
When something takes a cost so low, it goes into massive scale.
These are some amazing goals to address it.
We can reduce the difficult patients of patients.
I didn't want to go to the clinic for routine charge.
With high monopoly monitoring we could get objective data.
We could be able to do a massive rest of confidence for clinical trials, and for the first time, facial charity at scale.
We have the opportunity to start looking for the first biomechanics of the disease before it is too late.
So when we give today the first steps in that sense, we are launching the vocal International International.
So to Adam and Participant, we want to record a lot of voices around the world to collect enough data and start to address these goals.
We have local lines accessible for about 750 million people in the world.
You know, with no Parkinson's -- I can call it under price and leave recording for a few cents. And I was pleased to announce that we've reached six percent of the goal in just eight hours.
Thank you.   Tom Richard. So Mars, I took all these samples of saying, say, 10,000 people, you can say who is healthy and who doesn't?
What will you get out of these shows?
Max Leta -- yeah, yeah. What happens is that during the call you have to indicate if you have or not the disease. Thank you of course.
MM: You see, some people can not happen. You may not end up.
But we're going to get a very large sample of data recovered in different circumstances, and doing it in different circumstances is important because we're looking for searching for the factors of conflict to look for the actual markers of the disease.
TR: Do you have 80 percent accuracy right now?
MR: Most more than that.
Actually, my student Tennessee, I have to publish it has done a fantastic job and now has shown that it works on the mobile phone network as well, which I admire the project. We now have a 99 percent accuracy.
TR: New and nine. Well, it's a improvement.
MR: Absolutely.
TR: Thank you very much. March Legans, audience.
MR: Thank you, Tom.
Before March 2011, I made photographs in New York City.
We're launched creatures, gray creatures.
We hid in the dark, in courses without windows and, of course, we avoid sunlight.
We make the deadlines even more deadline, the perfect perfect skin even more perfect we do the impossible -- possible and criticize us in the press all the time, but some of us are really artists with talent with many years of experience and a real taste for images and photograph.
On March 11, 2011, I saw from my house, just like the rest of the world, the tragic events that happen in Japan.
Shortly time later, an organization where it was voluntary -- Joe Vancouver, was in the place working as part of the answer team.
I together with hundreds of other volunteers we knew we couldn't stay sitting at home, so I decided to join the group for three weeks.
On May 13 traveled to Obama.
It's a small village of fishing fishermen in the pressure of India by almost 50,000 people, one of the first people affected by the smell.
The recorded water level took over 24 feet tall and over three miles in the ground.
As you can imagine, the village was depressed.
We get rid of the channels and the bands.
We took schools. We take the penis and we leave the houses ready to be reluctant and replace.
We took tons and tons of dead fish -- all of a sudden poetry of local factory.
We took ourselves and love it.
For weeks, both the volunteers and the neighbors found similar things.
They found pictures and lines of photos and cameras and cameras and cards.
Everybody did the same thing.
And we will take them and take them to different places of the peoples around us to save them.
It wasn't until then I realized that those pictures represented a huge part of the personal losses that people had suffered for.
As they were from the wave, and to save their lives, they had to abandon everything they had.
At the end of my first week I started to help in a village crash center.
He helped clean down the baby balls, the huge, giant banks.
This place turned out to be also the place of the village where the effect center picked up the photos.
And they took them and I had the honor that this day trusted me to clean the photos.
This was exciting and inspired -- I had heard the expression to think beyond the horizons, but it wasn't until I took myself my horizons that something happened.
When I looked at the pictures, I found some who had over a hundred years of a few years ago, they were still in the back of the lab, I couldn't avoid thinking about how to fix that race and repair that role, and I met hundreds of people who could do the same.
So that night came up in Facebook contact with some of them, and at the next morning, the answer was so overwhelming and positive, that I knew we had to try.
So we started taking the photos.
This was the first one.
It wasn't too quiet, but where the water had doubled the face of the girl had to fix a lot of precision and drill.
In another way, that girl would not have the aspect of it, and that would be as tragic as having the underlying picture.
With the step of time, they came through more photos, and they needed more responsibility so that he went back in Facebook and Lincoln and five days later 80 people in 12 countries offered to help.
Within two weeks, I had 150 people who were willing to join me.
In Japan, in July, we moved to Rosetti a neighboring village in Northern Harrie.
Once the week we used our scanner in the temporal photography libraries that had installed where people were going to take their photos.
The time they took to transfer them is a different story, depending on assumptions of the photos.
It could be able to be able to be able to get a couple of weeks.
It could be able to get months.
This chart had to draw almost by hand using how the areas and the areas whose color and detail had disappeared.
It took a long time.
The water destroyed all these specialized photos in salt water, covered by bacteria, with algae -- even with oil, all of that together with the time of the time continued to destroy it, and so to cut them up with a major part of the project.
We couldn't take the picture unless it was clean, dry and would have been recorded by his owner.
We had lucky with the boxes by hand.
We have the guide of a female neighbor neighbor.
It's very easy to dance even more pictures of the photos.
As one time once Walk, the leader of my group is like making a tattoo.
You can't make mistakes.
The woman who brought us these pictures was lucky to the photos.
She started to wipe her herself but he stopped when he realized that the dance even further.
It also had dolphins.
Without them, the images of their husband and their own face would not have been able to rebuild them, we were able to follow images in a single photo and get the full picture.
When their photos would share some of her story with us.
A few colleagues of his husband found the photos in a strange station between the rubble quite far from where he used to be his house, but his colleagues recognize it.
The day of the tsunami, his husband was the fire of serving the barriers to the wave.
It had to go inside the water as the symmetries were sound.
Their small children, not so small now, but their two children were in school, in different schools.
One of them was trapped in the water.
He took a week to find his whole family and know that they had all survived.
The day he handed his photos his youngest son 14 years old.
For that, despite all this, those pictures were the best gift that I could do, something that he could go back to look at, something that I could remember from the past that had not been recorded by that day of March when everything in his life changed or was destroyed.
After six months in Japan, 1,100 volunteers had joined A's, Hans hundreds of them helped us clean at hand over 130 photos -- the big majority --  -- the big majority went back to the hands of their own doors.
More than 500 volunteers all over the world helped us to get 90 families to have hundreds of photos completely respected and recorded.
During this time, we don't really spend more than 1,000 in teams and materials -- most of them in the ink for printer.
We take pictures of constantly.
A picture is a memory of someone or something, one place, a relationship, somebody want.
They are galleries of our memories and stories, the last thing we would take but the first thing we will go to look for.
This was the project, to restore small pieces of humanity, to go back to someone their connection with the past.
When a picture like this is going to become somebody, it is a huge difference in the life of the person who receives it.
This project also makes a huge difference in the life of research.
Some of them connected to something larger, they drop something, using their talent to something that they are not going to be thin models of perfect skin.
To end up I would like to read this email. I sent it the day that I came back from Japan after six months.
As a result, I couldn't avoid thinking about people and stories showed in the images.
One in particular, a photo with women from different ages from the grandmother to the small child, gathering around a baby, I was faced by a book that was a similar picture of my family my grandmother, my mother, my mother, my mother -- I and my name of named named, hangs from our wall.
In the entire world, all of our basic needs are the same, right?
Thank you.  Andersons.
Darwin Elizabeth inspired us amazing and curious with this picture of a bullet that took an apple in an exhibition of just a million second.
But now, 50 years later, we can go a million times faster and see the world not to a million or a billion frames per second.
I present a new kind of photography, the immediate, a new technique so fast that it can create videos in slow camera of light in motion.
And with that, we can create cameras that can see after the backgrounds, beyond the vision line, or see the inside of the body without using X-rays, and really challenging the idea of camera.
If I take a laser post and look at it and run it in a second of second or be, in various settings to create a piece of photons of just a millimeter in the air.
And that particle package -- that ball, traveling to the speed of light, and, again, a million times faster than a common bullet than a common bullet is.
If we take that bullet and this package of photons and we shoot on this bottle, how do those pictures spread inside this bottle, right?
What is the aspect of light in finished.
Now, all of this --   You remember that all this is happening in less than a neuron is what it takes in traveling light.
But this video is 10 billion times slower so that you can see the light in motion.
County doesn't absorb this research.  It happens a lot of things in this film, giving this information to show what's going on.
The pulse, our bag, goes into the bottle, with a package of photons that starts to go up and that, inside, starts to disappear.
Part of the light goes up, goes to the table, and we started seeing these parks.
Many of the photons finally come to the date and then explode in various directions.
As you can see, there's a bubble of air that bounces on the inside.
At that time, the waves travel around the table and because of the reflection of the upper part of the bottle, after several legs, that the thoughts are concentrated with.
Now, if we take a common bullet and zoom up, and we have to take the same distance and we see it in slow camera to about 10 billion times, how many of you think it would take you to look at that film.
One day? A week -- actually, a whole year.
It would be a very boring film --  from a barber battery in motion.
And what about taking out of disease.
You can see the waves that came from the table, from the tomato and the wall of the background.
It's like throwing a stone in a pond.
It's the way nature plays a picture, I thought, of a microscope at the time, but of course, our eyes see an integrated composition.
But if you look at one more time this term, you realize that, as the light is advanced from the tomato -- it's a brilliant thing.
Why? Because the tomato is mature and light bounces on its inside and it comes back from several trillion billion seconds.
In the future, when this membrane is in their mobile phones, they're going to be able to go to the supermarket and verify if the fruit is mature without having to touch it.
So what did we create this camera at MIT?
As a photographer, you know, if we take a picture of low explosion, it goes very little light.
But let's get a billion times faster than the most short exposure than the most short exposure -- so you will just go into some light.
We made that bullet -- that package of photons, millions of times, and we recorded over and over again with a very nice syndrome, we took those gardening graphs and we got them competitive to create those features that I showed you.
We can take all of those data in jail and process them differently.
South can fly.
Other heroes can become invisible.
What if a new power of a supermarket future would allow you to see after the ones?
The idea is that we could throw some light on the door, Germany, coming into the room, a part will be reflected in the door, and from there to the camera.
Where we could extract those multiple light regions.
It's not science fiction. We have built it.
On the left is our democratic.
Behind the wall there is a man and we collect light on the door.
After the publication of our article in Nature Commercial.
And a small fraction of the photons will come back to the camera, but interestingly, in slightly different times.
And as we have a camera that works that fast, our democratic, has unique skills.
It has very good temporary resolution and you can look at the world at the speed of light.
So we know the distances to the door and also to the hidden objects, but we don't know what it points to what distance is.
At the process of a laser you can record a picture of break, which you see on the screen, it doesn't really have any sense.
But let's take a lot of images like this, dozens of images, we'll take them and try to analyze the multiple light religions, and with that, we can see the hidden object ...
Can we see it at 3D."
This is our recovery.
We have things to explore before we get this out of the lab, but in the future, we could create cars that are collapsed with what's going back from the curve.
Or we could look for survivors in dangerous conditions looking at light reflected by open windows for the open.
Or we could build emotions able to see the interior body body, and the same for the social partners.
But of course, because of tissue and blood this is quite difficult, so actually this is a ask of scientists to start thinking about the neocortex as a new model of visualization to solve the problems of imagination in the next generation.
So like Danny Elizabeth, he himself was a scientist, turned science into art, an art of nuclear photographs.
I realized that all of the glaciers of data we collected every time are not just for scientific victims, but we can.
It will create a new form of computer photography with slow camera and color code.
And we look at those waves -- remember, the time between each of those waves is just a few billion seconds.
But there is something fun.
If you look at the waves under the card, they get rid of us.
The waves should move towards us.
What happens here?
It turns out, as we're recording almost at the speed of light, we have strange effects. Einstein would have love to see this image.
The order in which events occur in the world sometimes appeared to the camera.
They will apply the corresponding definition of space and time, we can correct this distribution.
It's time. Thank you.
Hi. This is my mobile phone.
A cell phone can change life, and it gives you individual freedom.
A mobile phone can photograph a crime against humanity in Syria.
With a cell phone, you can take a message and start a protest in Egypt.
With a mobile phone, you can record a song, go back to Saturning and make it famous.
All of this is possible with a phone.
I'm a chicken in 1984 and I live in the city of Berlin.
Let's go back to that moment, to this city.
Here you can see how hundreds of thousands of people protected in looking for a change.
This is the elderly of 1989, imagine if all these people gathered to be looking for a change, had a mobile phone in the pockets.
Who people have a cell phone here?
Let's take them out.
Raise your mobile phone, lead them out.
Let's start a Alexandria, a Brazil, God.
It's a lot. Most of you today have a mobile phone.
But today I'm talking about me, of my cell phone, and how life changed me.
I'll talk about this.
These are 35,000 lines of information.
Dance in broccoli.
Why is that information there?
Because in the summer of 2006, the U.N. Commission presented a direction.
The data.
This director says that every European telephone company -- every single source of the Internet across Europe, has to store a wide range of information from users.
Who calls who, who sent an email to who she is.
Who sent a text to who he is.
And if we use mobile phone, where we are.
All of this information was stored by at least six months, and until two years in his phone company or his Internet program.
And all over Europe, people stood up and said, "We don't want this."
They said they didn't want this data meeting.
We want the forest in the digital age, and we don't want the telephone and the Internet drivers to store all this information about us.
There were lawyers, journalists, chest, everybody said, "We don't want this."
And here you can see about 10,000 people who came out to the streets of Berlin and said, "The non-second note.
And some of them were even said that this would be the Three Two.
The East was the American police of Germany.
And I was also asked if this really works.
Can you store all this information about us?
Every time I use mobile phone?
So I asked my phone to tell my phone, Deneta Telescope, who was at that time was the largest phone company in Germany, which please were going to put me all the information I had about me.
I asked them once, and I went back to ask them, and I didn't get a concrete answer. It was all white, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah,
But then I said, I want to have this information because you're protected my life.
And so I decided to start a lung demand because I wanted to have this information.
But December Telescope said no, we won't give you this information.
At the end, we signed up an agreement.
They divided the demand and they sent me the information that I did.
Meanwhile, the German Center Germany failed the instability for German law from the U.N. director.
So I got this email on brown with a CD inside.
And in the CD there was this.
Tenn and five thousand organized lines of information.
I first saw them and I said, well, it's a huge archive. Okay.
But after a while, I realized that it's my life.
There are six months of my life in this archive.
It was a little bit skeptical, what should I do with that?
Because you can see where I am, where I spend the night, what I'm doing.
But then I said, I want this information to come out.
I want to make it public.
Because I want to show people what the data retina means.
So, I went to George Orange and Obama Dalai City, we did this.
This is a six months visualization of my life.
You can zoom up and go back, go back and forward.
You can see every step I do.
And you can see how I go from Florida in train to color, and what I often call on the ground.
All of this is possible with this information.
That gives a little scary.
But it's not only about me.
But of all of us.
First of all, there are things like, I call my wife and she calls me talking about a couple of times.
Then they call me some friends and they call each other.
And then you call the other, and the other one to the other, and we end up with this big communication network.
You can see how their people communicate each other to what time they call each other, what time they sleep.
You can see all this.
You can see the centers, the leaders of the group.
If you have access to this information, you can see what society is doing.
If you have access to this information, you can control your society.
This is a model for countries like China and Iran.
This is a model to study the shape of your society, because you know who talks to who, who sent an email to who, all of this is possible if you have access to this information.
And this information was stored at least six months in Europe, and until two years.
As I said at the beginning, imagine if all these people on the streets of Berlin, in the top of 1989, they had a mobile phone in the pockets.
And the Earth had known who involved in this protest, and if the Earth had known who the leaders were, this never happened.
The fall of the Berlin Wall would never have happened.
And in fact, it's not the fall of the iron Collaborator.
Because now the state agencies and companies want to store so much information from us as possible within and outside the web.
They want to have the possibility of following our lives and they want to wake up forever.
But authenticity and living in the digital age is not a contradiction.
But today, you have to fight for authority.
You have to fight for that.
When you go home to your friends that privacy is a 21st-century value and it's not going to be a market.
When you go home, you take your representative that just because companies and the state agencies can store certain information, they don't have to do it.
And if you don't believe me, you would ask your phone company, what information you store from you.
So in the future, every time you use your mobile phones to remind you that you have to fight for self-esteem in the digital age.
Thank you.
Hello TED, what happens?
It's not enough.
Hello TED, what happens?
I call me Martin Zarkel and I'm not surrounded, but I know the doctor that brought me into the world.
I hired my mom six times in six different directions, accelerated to the poor of me in the process.
As a result, I have brain parties, so I read all the time.
Watch it.
It's advanced. I'm like a September mix.
And Muhammad All right.
The B. C is not genetics.
It's not unable to control.
Nobody was born by my mother and not the joy because my parents were brothers, even though they are.
It just happens by accidents, like the one that happened to me.
Now, I'm actively advanced, and I don't want any of the present.
It feels bad for me, because at some point in life, you've wanted to be disabled.
We go from the walk.
Vas of Christmas are in the shopping center, driving in circles to look for parking and what you see?
10 empty places for disability.
And you think, "God, can I be at least a little bit disconnected?
In addition, I say, I have 99 problems, and the X is just one of them.
There was an operation of opposition, I would win the gold medal.
I'm a pattern, Muslims -- woman, disability and alive in New Jersey.
If you don't feel better, maybe you should do it.
I'm from Paris Charles, in New Jersey.
I always love my neighborhood, and my disease had the same excites.
I also love that if I wanted to walk from my house to New York, I could.
A lot of people with brain parties don't walk, but my parents don't believe in the can't be?
The mantra of my father was, "You know, "I do doing them down, called them.
If my three biggest sisters were completely, I was scared.
If my three older sisters were going to public school, my parents would take into the school system, and they made sure that I was also gone, and if we didn't take all the note -- we all got the safety of my mother.
My father taught me to walk at five years to put my shoes on his feet and just walk.
Another accident that I used was to charge a dollar in front of me so that he was preserved.
The surface that it took inside was very strong and ...
Yeah. The first day in the church garden walked like a baseball camp that has received a lot of boards.
Growing up, there were only six Arabs in my city, and they were all of the family.
Now there are 20 radios, and they follow all of the family.  I think nobody realized that we weren't introduced.
This was before 9/11, and that politicians thought appropriate used to use "The Muslims, as a campaign show.
The people that I grew up with had no problem with my faith.
However, it seemed to be concerned about a lot that died of hunger during the rock.
I told you that I had enough fat to live three months without eating it, so to help the dawn of the random being very easy.
Kay drinking in Brazil.
Yeah, in Broadway, it's crazy.  My parents couldn't afford physical therapy, so they sent me to the dance school.
I learned to dance with toxins, or I can walk with tables.
I'm from New Jersey, and we want to be a child, so if my friends used tables, I too.
And when my friends were going to spend the summer vacation on the coast of Jerusalem, I didn't go.
I spent my summer in a war zone, because my parents felt that if we didn't go back to Palestine every summer, we would become Massivel.
In the summer vacation often my father was trying to go out, so I drink milk milk -- they put me hot to me in the back, I woke up on the Dead Sea, and I remember that the water would burn me my eyes and I thought, "Wow, it works.
But the military cure was the atheist.
I must say that it's very boring -- but before I made yogurt was a status meal, I couldn't stand from foot to "Oh.
And now I can hold on your head.
My parents would come up with this idea that I could do anything, that no dream was impossible, and my dream was to be at the general hospital technology.
I went to college through positive discrimination and I got a scholarship for the United States, University of the American state -- because I went into all the challenges.
It was like the mass of the theater department.
Everybody loved me.
I did all the tasks of the least smart, I took the maximum note in my classes and also in their classes.
Every time I made a scene from the king of crossing my teachers who were crying out.
But I never got a role.
Finally, in my last year, the U.N. decided to make a work called Daniel very slow in Japanese.
It's a work of a girl with brain parts.
I was a girl with brain parties.
So I started screaming at the four winds, "I end up having a role ...
I have cerebral parts.
At the end of the end of the fireflies?
Thanks to God totally to the end I'm free?
I didn't get the paper.  They gave it to Sylvia Brook.
I went to incredible running the director of the theater department called hypertension, as if someone had killed my cat, to ask them why and she told me that because they believed that I couldn't do the stunt scenes.
And I said, "General, if I can't do the risk stunts -- you can't do the character?
It was a role that was literally born and gave it to an aircraft with no brain walls.
The university was screaming my life.
Hollywood has a story of addiction actors without disability for disabled papers.
By graduation, I came home, and my first actor was as fast as a telephone.
My dream was reality.
And I knew it would be advanced from "mass, to "The crazy friend in a supermarket.
Instead, I was there as a garden, I didn't see myself more than the next one, and it was evident for me that the reputation guidelines didn't hire border actors, not white, with disability.
I just hired perfect people.
But there were exceptions to the rule.
I grew up watching White Google. Richard Barbara, Stevenson, and all these women had one thing in common: they were commitment.
That's why I made a lot.
In my first tour, I took famous computers from New York to New Jersey, and I never forget the face of the first film that I took when I was going to high speed by the New Jersey highway with a decentrality that had brain parts.
I worked in customers across the United States, and also in Arabic, in the next East, with no contact and no sight.
Some people say I'm the first machine in the Arab world.
I never like to remember the first place, but I know that you never hear that little remote stream that says that women are not fun, and they find us very fun.
In 2003, my brother of another mother and father, Dean Obama, and I launched the New York Angeles Feynman and now in his 10 year.
So our goal was to change the negative image of the nations in the media, and at the same time remembering the report guidelines that national and Arab are not alone.
It brought the Arabs much easier to fight the challenge of the stigma of disability.
My big opportunity came in 2010.
I was as invited to the news program by cable Ross with Keith Oxford.
I walked up as if I went to a graduate dance, I was sent to a study and sat in a wheelchair.
I looked at the director and said, "Come you can give you another chair?
She looked at me and said, "And four, three, two ...
And we were living ...
So I went to the desk desk to not come out of the screen during the search and when I finished the interview, I was purple.
At the end, I had my opportunity and the disaster knew that they would not invite me.
But not only Mr. Oxford went back to invite you, but I was like a full-time party and I pasted my chair.
One fun that I learned in direct with Keith Oxford was that people on the Internet are scale.
Children are being crossing, but they never get rid of me or child or more.
Suddenly, my disability on the Internet became object of break.
I see clips online, like, "Why does?
is it resistant?
And my favorite, "The Hunger Mountain.
What disease did you have?
We should really go through it.
A training suggests even that I would add my disability to my cortex, gay, computer, paralyzed.
disability is as visual as the race.
If someone in wheelchair can't make Berlin -- then Ben can't make someone in wheelchair.
The disability are the classroom, yeah, clap -- man. Come on.
Discoveries are the largest minority in the world, and the most vulnerable in the world of entertainment.
The doctors said they don't walk, but I'm standing here in front of you.
However, to have grown up with media media, I don't think it was.
I hope you can create more positive images of disability in media and in everyday life.
Maybe if there were more positive images, that would make less hate on the Internet.
Or maybe not.
Maybe we still need all the society to teach our children.
My journey has led me to very spectacular places.
I came up to walk through the red carpet by the dance of the Susan Los Los Los Los London and the Copernicus London chance.
I came up with a film with Adam Sandy and working with my pain, the incredible Dave Motoring.
He wrote the world to end "The Arab has become a lot.
I was delivered in representation of the great state of New Jersey in the 20th of 2008.
And I founded "The children of Massive, a charity of genetic gate to give the Palestinian refugee kids a girl of what my parents gave me.
It was the only time my father saw me, and I dedicated this talk to his memory.
"Personally, dad.
I call me Martin Zarkel, and if I can, you can too.
I'd like to tell you a story about a boy of a small town.
I don't know his name, but I know his story.
I live in a small town to South Asia.
This village is near Montana.
The sign drives the small village to poverty and the edge of the intervention.
Nothing for him there, it goes to the big city, in this case, Montana, the capital of Somalia.
When it comes there, there is no opportunity, there's no work, no future perspective.
He was living in a tent in the city on the outskirts of Montana.
Maybe a year translated, nothing.
One day he came up with a gentleman who offered him to take it back to him, later to dinner, to draw.
I know a diagram group of people, which gives you a distance.
He got a little bit of money to buy new clothes, money to send home, his family.
They present to a young girl.
It finally home.
It starts a new life.
It has a life target.
A beautiful day in Montana, under a blue sky -- it was a bomb car.
That child from that small village with dreams of the great case was the suicide bomber and that dynamic group of people were to Sharing, a terrorist organization connected to the Qaeda.
So how does the story of a small village trying to fulfill their dreams in the city ends up with him into the city that was introduced."
He was waiting for me.
He was waiting for an opportunity, hoping to start his future, waiting for a future perspective, and this was the first thing that came to him.
This was the first thing that gave him what we called "The Perastin Period."
And their story is repeated in urban centers around the world.
It's the story of the marine, young urban urban people that distributed distributions in Jersey, depressing in London, who look for something beyond the "professional Spring.
For young people, the promise of the city, the great dream of the city is the opportunity of work, of work, of well-being, but young people don't participate in the prosperity of their cities.
It's often the youth that keeps the highest performance rate.
By 2030, three of every five people who live in cities will be less than 18 years.
If we don't include young people in the growth of our cities, if we don't give them opportunities -- the history of the sponsor "professional story, to violence, to the parasites, to the parasites, to be the story of the 2000.
And in my hometown, Montana, 70 percent of young people are unemployed.
70 percent is not going to school.
They do virtually nothing.
I went back to Montana last month, and I went to visit the Macho hospital, the hospital where I was born.
I remember to be in that hospital hormone hospital thinking, and if I'd never been there?
What if I had seen forced to be in that same "professional "professor.
Would I have become terrorism.
I'm not really sure the answer.
The reason I was in Monterey, that month was actually to address some youth leaders in a corporate surgery.
I went to about 90 different juvenile leaders.
We sat and we had a rain of ideas about solutions to the big challenges facing the city.
One of the young people in the room was Anno.
He went to the University of Montana, he graduated it.
There was no work, no opportunities.
I remember when he told me, because he was a graduate college university, it was fortunately, frustrated, was the perfect white white for Al Sharing and other terrorist organizations, to be recruited for me.
They looked for people like him.
But this story takes a different path.
In Montana, the biggest obstacle to get from the point to B is the streets.
Longer years of civil war have completely destroyed the living system, and a motorcycle can be the easiest way to move it.
He saw an opportunity and the approach.
It started a motorcycle company.
It started completely morality to local residents who typically couldn't buy them.
He bought 10 mouths, with their family help and friends, and his dream is at some point to expand hundreds of miles over the next three years.
Why is this story?
What makes this story different?
I think its ability to identify and leverage a new opportunity.
It's the business spirit, and I think the business spirit can be the most powerful tool against the "player of waiting for the sponsor.
I hired young people to be the creators of economic opportunities that are looking for so different.
And you can train young people to be entrepreneurs.
I want to talk to you about a young man that I attended one of my meetings. Muhammad Moore, a flower.
I was helping to train some of the young people in the summit of business initiative and how to be innovative and how to create a culture of business initiative.
In fact, it's the first flower that Montana has seen in more than 22 years ago, and until the month Mokai, if you wanted flowers to your wedding.
If you asked someone, "What was the last time you saw free flowers ...
For those who grew up during civil war, the answer was, "No."
So Montana saw an opportunity.
It started a company of landscapes and fragmented design.
I created a farm on the outskirts of Montana, and he started growing tactics and lines, which he said, could survive the hard weather of Montana.
And it started the delivery of flowers for noises, creating gardens in the houses, and the city companies, and now it's working on the creation of the first public park in Monterey in 22 years.
There are no public parks in Monterey.
You want to create a space where the families, the young people, you can go together, and as he says, smell the properly record.
By the way, he doesn't grow robots because they use a lot of water.
So the first step is to inspire the young people, and in that room, the Mother presence had a really profound impact in young people.
They had never thought about starting a business.
They thought about working for an NGO working for government, but their story, their innovation, actually had a strong impact on them.
It forced them to look at their city as a place of opportunity.
The encouraged to believe that they could be entrepreneurs that could be artificial of change.
By the end of the day, they had innovative solutions for some of the biggest challenges facing the city.
It sounds business solutions for local problems.
So inspire young people and creating a culture of business spirit is really a big step, but young people need capital to make their ideas happen.
They need to experience and orientation to guide them in development and put out of their business.
They connect the young people with the resources that they need, blocking the support they need to move from conception to creation, and create catalysts for urban growth.
For me, business spirit is something more than starting a business.
It's to create a social impact.
Milan is not just selling flowers.
I think it's selling hope.
The Peace Park -- that's how it calls it, when it's created, transformed the way people see their city.
They hire the streets of the street to help rent and keep the monkeys for it.
He gave them the opportunity to escape from the paradigm of "President "paradox."
These entrepreneurs are having a tremendous impact in their cities.
So my suggestion is to turn young people in entrepreneurs, and they go and feed their inherent innovation, and have more stories about flowers and Paris of the Peace than the cartoon and "player of expectancy?
Thank you.
I was about 10 years old, and I went to close with my dad in the mountains "in the Monterey areas, a king area north of the state of New York.
It was a beautiful day.
The central forest.
The sun made the leaves like a block, and not to be the way we were born, we almost could pretend that we were the first human beings in front of that land.
We came to our camp.
It was a collaborator on a ring with a beautiful call bank when I discovered something horrible.
Behind the collaborator there was a stock, about four feet square with the head of manifest populations white white paper, and old cartoon.
And I was analyzing, I was very angry, incredibly confused.
Were the fields that were too lazy to take out what they had brought out, who thought it was going to clean their balloon?
That question followed with me, and it's just a little bit of a little bit.
Who clean our balloon?
No matter as an organism or where the "The Home collects, who clean our trash in State?
Who clean our trash in Rio or Paris or in London.
Here in New York, the Department of Health City our trash -- the reason of 11 thousand tons of waste and 2,000 tons of recycling products every day.
I wanted to know as individuals.
I wanted to understand who makes that work.
What does the uniform feel used and take that charge?
So I started a research project with them.
I traveled in the trucks and walked through their trajectories and interviewed people in office and facilities across the city, and I learned a lot, but it was still a intervention.
I needed to get more.
So I started working like garbage game.
Now not just traveling in the trucks. I put them up.
And I operated the mechanics and the bar of the snow.
It was a remarkable privilege and an amazing learning.
They all ask about smell.
It's there, but it's not as predictable as you think, and in the days that it's very strong, you get very quickly.
It takes a lot of join to the weight.
I met people who had worked on it for several years and their bodies continue to adjust the weight of taking over their tons of garbage every week.
It's also the danger.
According to the Bureau of Lab State The Leader conversation is one of the top 10 most dangerous acts of the country, and I learned the reason.
You're coming out and you're going into the traffic all day and you're going to break around you.
You just want to go, so generally the driver is not paying attention.
That's really bad for the work.
And also the trash is full of dangerous that often falls out of the truck and cause terrible damage.
I also learned about the improvisation of garbage.
When you go out of the camera, and you see a city from the back of the road, you can understand that garbage is like a force of nature itself.
I never come back.
It's also like a form of breathing or circulation.
You should always be in motion.
And it's also the stigma.
It seems to me that the stigma is especially ironic because I think the waste rewards are the most important work in the streets of the city, for three reasons.
They're the world's first public health.
If you don't get rid of waste in a efficient and effective way every day, it starts to define from your contacts and your inherent dangerous dangers in very real ways.
We have been able to have controlled for decades and centuries to grow and start a day.
The economy needs them.
If we can't get rid of the old we don't have space for the new thing, so the motors of the economy begin to fail when the consumption is.
I'm not advocating by capitalism -- it just shows your relationship.
And then there's what I call our average daily speed needed.
And I mean just to the speed that we used to move in the time.
Usually we don't worry about it, and we don't repair or repair or take our coffee cup with us, our bag of the families, our water bottle.
We use them, we see them, we forget about them, because we know that there is a work force on the other side that will get rid of it.
So today I want to suggest a couple of ways of thinking about waste harvesting that maybe help reduce the stigma and illustrate it in that conversation about how to design a sustainable and human city.
Her work, I think, is almost light.
They're on the street every day in the street.
They use a uniform in many cities.
You know when you expect them.
And their job allows us to do our own.
It's almost a form of relief.
The flow that keeps leaving us from ourselves, of our own waste, our destination, and that flow always has to keep one way or another.
One day after September 11th, 2001, I heard the group of a waste gathering truck on the street, I grabbed my little son and left the stairs running up, and there was a man doing his paper recycling route as all the microbes did.
And I tried to thank him to do his work that particular day, but I started crying.
And he looked at me and just attack, and he said, "We're going to be okay.
We're going to be right."
Shortly after that, I began to investigate the waste collection and I went back to see that man.
It's called Parada, we worked together a lot of times, and we got good friends.
I want to believe that Paul was right.
We're going to be fine.
But in our efforts to recognize the way we exist on this planet as we have to include and to account all the costs, even the very real human cost of the labor of work.
The female waste -- what we think about when we talk about trash -- they represent three percent of the amount of waste in the nation.
It's a remarkable statistics.
So in the flow of your days and your life, the next one you see someone whose job is to clean the trash of you, you take a moment to recognize them.
Take a moment to tell you thank you.
My work focuses on the connection of thinking about our community life being part of the environment where architecture is born naturally from conditions and local traditions.
I brought two recent projects like this.
Both projects are located in emerging countries, one in Ethiopia and the other in Tunisia.
They also share the fact that the different analytics from different perspectives become an essential part of the final work of architecture.
The first example started with an invitation to design a commercial center of several floors in the capital of Ethiopia, Albert Alabama.
This is the kind of construction that showed us as an example, to my team and to me, about what we had to design.
At first, the first thing I thought was, "I want to go out of it."
After seeing some of these buildings there are many in the city, we realized that there are three important aspects to go.
In principle, these buildings are almost empty because they have very large stores where people can't give the luxury to buy things.
Secondly, you need to be able to employ a lot of energy because the crowd records generates heat in the interior, so you need a lot of drawing.
In a city where this shouldn't happen because it's a temperate climate that goes from 20 to 25 degrees per year.
And thirdly, his appearance has nothing to do with Africa or with Ethiopia.
It's a shame of a place that is so rich in culture and traditions.
In our first visit to Ethiopia, it was really completely completely completely striking with the old market, which is this structure to free air where thousands of people, go and buy things every day to small vegetables.
There is also that idea of using public space to generate external activity.
So I thought, that's what I really wanted to design, not a shopping center.
But the question was how to build a building, from various stories, apply these principles.
The next challenge is presented to insulin the site, which is located in an area of a lot of the city, where a lot of the buildings that we now see in the image, not exist.
And it's also between two parallel streets that don't communicate in an extension of hundreds of meters.
So the first thing we did was to create a connection between these two streets, it took all the entries of the building.
And this extends with an amazing antenna that creates a space on the air free in the building that are adapting, by its own shape, the sun and the rain.
And around this space, we've applied the idea of the market with small businesses, which changes on every floor because of the form of space.
I also thought, how do you close the building?
I wanted to find a solution that responds to local climate conditions.
And I started thinking about a tissue like a salary capture with details to allow the input of air and also the light, but in a film way.
Then we were inspired by these beautiful buttons of the streams of the ground.
They have the friendly geometry properties and this helped me model the factory.
We are building that with these little pressure pieces that are the windows that leave the air and light in a way controlled inside the building.
This is engaged with these little color crystals that use the light inside of the building to illuminate the building at night.
With these ideas it wasn't easy to convince the developers because they thought, "This is not a commercial center -- it wasn't what we ask?
But in short, we all realized that this idea of market turned out to be much more profitable than the commercial center because in the end of it there was more local to sell it.
And the idea of the facade was much more economic -- not only because of the material in comparison with the glass, but also because it wasn't necessary to have air conditioning anymore.
So we got certain savings in the budget that we use to implement the project.
The first thing was to think about how to achieve the power antibody for the building in a city where electricity is almost every day.
So we got a big advantage to put pictures on the roof.
And then under those panels we think of the roof as a new public space with areas of meeting and bars that create this urban oasis.
And these dots in the roof, that in a nutshell, they collect water for the salary of the inside.
It was waiting for the next year, because we go through the fifth floor of construction.
The second example is a master plan of 2,000 apartments and services in the city of Tunisia.
And to make a project so big, the biggest I have designed -- I needed to not just understand the city of Tunisia, but also their environment, its tradition and the culture.
During that analysis, I put special attention in the measure, a 100 year-old structure that was surrounded by a wall with twelve doors of access connected to almost straight lines.
When I went to the place, the first design operation we did was expand the existing streets -- creating 12 simple blocks in size and features that there are in Barcelona and other cities in Europe with these patterns.
In addition to that, we selected some strategic points in relation to the idea of interconnected doors with straight lines, and this is the initial model.
And the last operation was to think about the cell, the small cell of the project, like antenna, as an essential part of the master plan.
I thought, what would the best orientation for an apartment in the medical climate cell?
And it is northeast, because it creates a thermal difference between both sides of the house, and therefore a natural version.
So we set up a scheme that suggests that most apartments are perfectly obsessed in that direction.
And this is the result that is almost like a combination of the European block and the Arab city.
It has these blocks with patterns, and then on the low plant, we have all the connections for the perceptions.
And it also responds to local norms that established a greater density in higher levels and a lower density on the low plant.
And it also reduces this idea of doors.
The roof, which is my favorite space of the project is almost like represented the community the space occupied by construction.
It's where all the neighbors, they can rise and social, and make activities like running a two kilometers of the morning, or jumping from one building to another.
These two examples, they have a common approach in the design process.
And also, they're in emerging countries, where the cities can be seen literally growing.
In these cities, the impact of architecture in people's life changes communities and local economies at the same rate that the buildings grow.
For this reason, I see even more important to look at architecture looking at the architecture looking for simple but affordable solutions, that improve the relationship between community and the environment and they have as a goal connecting nature with people.
Thank you very much.
When I was eight years old, a new girl entered our class. It was so remarkable, as you see all the new girls.
I had huge amounts of very bright hair and a little bit of legal, cute. It was strong for the capital of the states, very good for organic children.
I took that year and I was full of classrooms, until I tried my state plan.
One day I got a time after the school room -- I was a little late and I hid in the baby of girls.
When the coast was woke down, he walked in the classroom, I took off the table of my teacher the book of grades.
And then I did.
I get the ratings from my architecture, just a bit, just a little bit.
All like that.  And I gave me the book to the coal -- but to see, some of my other partners had very good notes as well.
So in a field, the notes around the world, without any imagination.
I put all of them from Do and myself a row of it, just for being there.
I still surprised what I did.
I don't understand how the idea.
I don't understand why I felt well doing it.
I felt important.
I don't understand why I never caught me.
It's that everything was delivering obvious.
I never discovered it.
But above all, I was descending the reason why I was annoyed that this girl, so small, was so good for agriculture.
I introduced the classrooms.
They're so mysterious and so pressure.
We know that babies suffer from classrooms.
The primates. The blue birds are very profound.
We know that the classrooms are the number one cause of driving in the U.S.
And yet, I've never seen a study that advanced the solid, or the long duration or the sadness.
So you have to go to fiction because the nodes are like the lab in which they study the classrooms in all their possible ways.
In fact, I don't know if it's an exaggeration to say that if there were no substances, it would have been literature.
Well there would be no Hollywood the idea, no "World.
There would be no classrooms, no little "The thousand and a night.
There will be no Shanghai.
They sold the high school reading lists, because we were losing "The Robert and the Florida, there would be no "death, and "Not "computer? We lost "The Boston, and "I was King.
No classrooms, there is no Project. I know it's fashionable to say that President has the answers for everything, and, in terms of the cases, I almost have them.
This year was 100 years of his work teacher, "I look for the lost time, the most extracting study of the sex classrooms, and also the ordinary competition, my own, everything we could have.  And thinking about Prosper, we have the sensory details -- right?
We think about a child trying to reconcile sleep.
We think about a hormone marketing in the landscape of salary.
We forgot about how hard that image.
We forget about how it is.
I mean, it's books that Virginia Wood said they were as hard as a cat grand.
I don't know how it's cat trillion, but we assume it's supermarket.
Let's see why they go so well together, the novel, and the classrooms, the roofs and Project.
It's going to be very obvious as the classrooms, which are reduced to the person, to their wish, to their income, are a very solid narrative base.
I don't know. I think we get very close to the bone, when we think about what happens when we feel classrooms.
When we feel classrooms, we tell ourselves a story.
One story about other people's lives, and those stories make us feel terrible because they're designed for that, to make them feel bad.
Being at the same time narratives and audience, we know exactly what details include to cross the knife -- right?
The classrooms make us all of the amateur novels, and that's something that I thought you can understand.
All she does to give me pleasure could give pleasure to another, maybe right now.
And it starts to tell himself that story, and since then, God says that every single fresh love that Sergio stopped in his agent, he added it to his collection of transportation instruments in his private camera.
You have to admit that Susan and Prince, they were nerve classics.
You know, the professionals of Prostate would have to leave the country, if they wanted to break with him.
But you don't have to be so clear to recognize that it's a tough job. Right?
The classroom are advanced.
It's a hungry emotion. You have to feed it.
And how are the classrooms?
The classrooms are not an information.
The classroom use the details.
The classrooms like the large amounts of bright hair and the cute and small one of the strangers.
The roofs are not a lottery of the photos.
That's why Instagram is so successful --  Project links well the academic language with the classroom.
When Susan is in its classroom of surfaces, it suddenly heard behind the doors and sunlight to the servers of his lover, then they define those behaviors.
He says, "Look, I know you think this is representative, but it's not different than the interpretation of an ancient text or looking at a market."
He says, "You know, scientific research with real intellectual value.
It's actually trying to prove that the cells are interconnected and they make us seem analyzing, but in their core, they're search of knowledge, search of the truth, a really painful truth. In fact, what they are going to be proposed to do, the more painful the truth, the better.
Pain, humiliation, loss -- these were the pathways to the wisdom of Project.
He says, "A woman who we need, that makes us suffer to us in us a much deeper and better feelings than a wise man can be interested in.
Is it telling us that we're going to look for crimes for crime?
No. I think it's trying to say that the classroom will give us ourselves.
And there is some other emotion that makes us open in this particular way?
Is there any other emotion revealed our agriculture, our horrible ambition and our rights?
Any other excitement that taught us to look at with such physical?
They were writing about this later.
One day, Freud was visited by a young man who was consumed with the idea that his wife was called it.
And Freud says there was something weird in that man, that he didn't look at what his wife did.
She was innocent -- everybody knew it.
The poor creature was under symbiosis without any cause.
But he looked for things that he made his wife -- without realizing the invisible behavior.
Was it too too -- or access to a man?
Freud says that the man was becoming the cost of the unconscious of his wife.
The leaders are very good at this.
The leaders describe very well how the classroom make us look at interactions but without accuracy.
In fact, the more interesting we are, the more we become residents of fantasy.
And for this reason, I think, the classrooms take us to make violent or illegal act.
The classroom drive us to behave in totally unexpected ways.
Now I'm thinking about my case at eight years old, I recognize it, but I'm also thinking about this story that I heard in the news.
A frustrating woman woman who was 52 years old was captured by having created a false account in Facebook since which was sent to video, horrible messages, for a year.
Over a year. It's a year.
She was trying to encourage the new girlfriend of his former army -- I have to conclude that when he or this, they react to administration.
Because, we're realistic.
How big even though unfortunately, creativity. Right?
It's like novel.
As a novel of Paramatic Philadelphia.
Singapore is one of my favorites.
She's a very strange and brilliant character of American literature.
This is the author of "The Insioted in a Treat, and "The Taliban Will Star Roman: books that are about how the classrooms are confused, and once we are in the sphere, in the realm of the classroom, the membrane that separates what it might be, can be pressure in an instant.
Take Tom Rome, his most famous character.
Tom Rome is going to want or want what you have to take away from your being and to cook from what you ever have, and he's under the floor, and he's looking at your name, you take your rings, you pull your bank accounts.
It's a way.
But what do we do? We can't take Tom Richard.
I can't give you the whole world, as much as I just want.
It's a pity. Because we live in terms of envy.
We live in times of classrooms.
I mean, we're good citizens of social media, where the coin is the advertising, right?
The nodes show us the salary, I'm not sure.
So we're going to do what characters are always doing when they're not safe, when they are in a mystery.
Let's go to Bono Street and ask by Billy Hollywood.
When people think about Hollywood, think about the monitoring manufacturing at Professor Mobile Professor, that criminal genius.
But I've always been prepared by "The Leonardo Left, the head face of Story Darwin that needs Hollywood desperately, needs Hollywood denial, but he will bother it.
Oh, I feel so familiar ...
Let me need his help, but the responsibility and the bomb with addiction in every single mystery.
But as you work together, something starts to change, and finally in "The Air Second Attill of Sixth Nanopatches, once Howard comes in, you go back to everyone with your solution, Leonardo comes back to Hollywood and says, "We're not classically, Mr. Holocaust.
We're proud of you?
And it tells you that there's no person in Silicon David that I don't want to raise your hand.
It's one of the few times that we see Hollywood translated in history, and I think that this scene is also mysterious, right?
It seems to look like the classroom like a geometry problem, without emotion.
You know, in a minute Hollywood is in the opposite side of Leonardo.
At the next minute they are on the same side.
All of a sudden, Lesterland.
Could it possibly be so simple.
What if the classrooms are really a matter of geometry, just a question of where we are in relation to the other?
Well, maybe we don't have to remember the excellence of the other.
We can see it with it.
But I like the contact plans.
So as we wait for that to happen, we remember that we have the fiction to contact us.
Only the photographer displayed the classrooms.
The fiction used to be the dominant family, invited them to the table.
And look at what addicts the Charles Court Law, the term Tom Richard, the London Los Prince, the same Moran Project.
We're in excellent company.
Thank you.
We used to solve big problems.
On July 21, 1969, Buzz Anthrophology jumped outside of the Apollo 11.
Army and Alabama were alone, but his presence in the surface gray was the culmination of a collective collective process.
The Apple program was the largest movement in peace times in the U.S. history.
To get to the moon, NASA spent about 180 billion dollars today today, or four percent of the federal budget.
The Apollo gave up about 400,000 people and asked the collaboration of 20,000 companies, universities and government agencies.
They put people, including the tragedy of Apollo 1.
But before the Apollo program ended, 24 men traveled to the moon.
You walk on your surface, which Albert after the Responsibility death last year, is now the oldest one.
So why were they?
It didn't take a lot of going back, 385 pounds of old rocks -- and something that the 24 exposed later, a new sense of the small and the fragility of our common home.
Why were they? The civil answer is that they were because President Kennedy wanted to demonstrate to the Soviets.
But the words of Kennedy at the University of Rice in 1965, they give us a better idea.
John F. Kennedy some questions, why is it?
Why will you turn it into our goals?
And you could also ask, why would you scale the highest mountain scanned?
35 years ago, why flying over the Atlantic.
Why does China play Texas.
We go to the moon.
We go to the moon.
We go to the moon in this decade, and do other things, not because they're simple, but because they're hard.
John Parkinson's -- for contents, the Apollo was not just a victory of the West on the Cold War.
At the time, the stronger emotion was the wonder of the transportation of the powers of technology.
It was because it was a great thing to do it.
The landing on the moon happened in a context of a long list of technological tremendous.
The first half of the 20th century produced the assembly line and the airplane, the penicillin and the vaccine for tuberculosis.
In the middle of the century, the police is broken and spread the smallpox.
The technology seemed to be able to take what Alan Tombo in 1970 called "the Alikuma.
For most of the history of humanity, we couldn't go faster than a horse, or a bar with sand, but in 1969, the surgery of Apollo 10 came to 40,000 miles a hour.
Since 1970, no human being has come to the moon.
No one has traveled faster than the trade of the Apollo 10, and the optimism approach about the power of technology has been expanded by seeing that problems that we imagine technology will solve as to go to Mars, creating a clean energy, curing cancer, or feeding the world population seems to have interesting results.
I remember to remember the Dutch 17th chair.
I was five years old, and my mother told me that you don't look at the shark tube of the Saturn San Yan.
I made sure that this would be the last mission, but I was completely sure that I was going to see the colonies in Mars.
So that from yield happened to our ability to solve problems with technology, has become a common place.
We heard it all the time.
We've heard it for the last two days here, at TED.
It looks like the technologists had fun us and had been advanced with trivial toys, things like iPhones, apps and social networks, or algorithms to accelerate the automated sell.
There's nothing wrong in most of these things.
They have expanded and related our lives.
But it doesn't solve the big problems of humanity.
What happened?
There is a parasitic explanation in Silicon Valley, which has been created less ambitious companies than the years in which Italy, Microsoft, Apple and George.
Sebastian Valley says that markets are the catastrophes, in concrete, the incentives that venture capitalists offer the entrepreneurs.
Sebastian Valley says that the risk investment caused to change the creation of transformative ideas by funding incredible problems or even false problems.
But I don't think this explanation is good enough.
I even want what's wrong in Silicon Valley.
Even when the risk capitalists were at their long point without worrying about the risk, they would prefer small investment, tiny investments that they could go in 10 years.
The CEOs, they've always had problems to invest with benefits in technologies such as energy, which need a huge capital and whose development is long-term -- they've also not invested in development of technologies because of solving big problems because they don't have an immediate commercial value.
No, the reasons we can't solve the big problems are more complicated and profound.
Sometimes, we choose not to solve the big problems.
We could go to Mars if we wanted to.
NASA has even designed a plan.
But going to Mars to remember a political decision that was popular and that would never happen.
We don't go to Mars because everybody thinks that there are more important things to do on Earth.
Sometimes we can't solve the big problems because political systems fail.
Today, less than two percent of the world's energy consumption produced with renewable energy sources like solar and wind and biodegradencial -- less than two percent, and the reason is completely economic.
Core and natural gas are cheaper than solar and wind, and oil is cheaper than the biodiversity.
We want to sources of alternative energy that can compete in prices.
Now, the technologies, the entrepreneurs and economists agree on what policies and international treaties include development of alternative energy, mainly a significant increase in research and energy development, and some kind of control of the coal.
But there is no hope in political climate that we'll see an energy policy of the United States or international treaties that reflect that concept.
Sometimes, the big problems that look like technology, they would not be.
We know for a long time that mammals are the result of failure in the food repair of food.
But 30 years of research have taught us that makers are political crisis that affect the distribution of food.
Technology can improve things like the carrots or the systems for storage and the food repair -- but there will be hackers while there are bad government.
And finally, big problems sometimes choose a solution because we don't understand the problem.
President Nixon gave the war to cancer in 1973, but we soon discovered that there are many kinds of cancer -- some terrible residents in treatment, and only in the last 10 years they seem to have found effective and viable treatments in it.
The hard problems are hard.
It's not true that we can't solve problems with technology.
We can and we have, but these four elements have to be the present, political leaders and population should want to solve the problem, institutions must support the solution, it should be really a technological problem, and we need to understand it.
The Apollo mission, which has become something like a metaphor for the ability of technology to solve great problems, with those criteria.
But it's a model in the future.
We're not in 1964.
There is no glamorous competition as in the Cold War, there is no policy like John Kennedy that you have the hard and the dangerous thing, and there is no popular science popular as you can explore the solar system.
In general, going to the moon turned out to be simple.
I was just three days.
And it really wasn't even solved any problem.
We're alone in our present, and the future solutions will be more difficult to get.
God knows that you don't get the challenges.
Thank you very much.
Well, I'm going to talk about trust, and I'm going to start collecting the general ideas that are about trust.
They are so common that they've become clinics of our society.
I think it's three.
The first is a record, there has been a great decline of trust, is a very widespread belief.
The second is a goal, we should have more trust.
And the third is a task, we should recover trust.
I think the record, the goal and the task has been basically interested.
What I'm going to try to tell you today is a different story about a record, a goal and a task, that I think gives you a more clear idea on the subject.
First the record, why do people think trust has disappeared?
And if I think about the basis of my own evidence, I don't know the answer.
I would end up thinking that there might be a distance in some activities or institutions and may have increased others.
I don't know.
But I can go back to the opinion surveys, and the opinion polls are supposedly the source of belief that trust has gone.
When you look at the opinion polls over time, there are no evidence of it.
I mean, the people who are focused on 20 years ago, mostly journalists and politicians -- they continue to inspire the same forget.
And the people who were very reliable about 20 years ago, they continue to be quite reliable consumer, together, nurses, nurses.
The rest of us are in the middle, and by the way, the average citizen of the street is almost exactly half a way.
But is this evidence enough.
What the set of previous opinion polls are of course, of course, opinion.
What else can you record?
What you see is the generic attitudes that people manifest when they ask certain questions.
Do I trust the politicians -- trust the masters?
Now, if someone asked you, "Do you in the vehicles?
Do you trust the fishermen?
Do you trust the pressure teachers.
They probably started to ask, "Can I do what?"
And that would be a very sensible answer.
And you could say, when you have answered your question, "Well, I trust some of you, but in others.
Which is very rational.
Ultimately, in real life, we tend to disseminate trust in a different way.
We don't assume the level of confidence that we're going to feel for a particular type of office or force or kind of person, it's going to be used in all the cases.
I could, for example, say I trust a certain teacher teacher that I know to give the kind of reading, but in any way to drive the school microscope.
After all, I could know that it wasn't a good driver.
I could trust my closest friend to keep a conversation, but no, maybe to hold a secret.
Simple.
And if we've got those evidence in our everyday lives in the way that trust is different, why do we stop all that knowledge when we think about trust in more abstract way?
I think the surveys are very bad tools to measure the true level of real trust, because they try to get the good judgment judgment to trust something or somebody.
Secondly, what about the goal?
The goal is to have more trust.
Frankly, I think it's a stupid goal.
It's not the goal that I presented.
I'm going to take more confidence on what is the design of trust, but not what it is.
In short, I'm a concert of not trust what it's not concentrated.
And I think that those people who were decorative their savings with the very clearly named Mr. Marine, who then disappeared with them, and I think, well, yes, they were too concentrated.
More confidence is not an intelligent goal in this life.
Spinal or negotiation with intelligence, that's the right target.
Once you say it, you say, yeah, it does mean that what matters in the first place is not trust, but trustworthiness.
What it's about doing is to make a judgment on how reliable people are in certain aspects of it.
And I think to be able to make a joke, we're forced to focus on three things.
Are you competitive? Are you honest? Are they responsible?
And if we find that one person is competing in the sticky materials, and it's responsible and honest, then we'll have a very good reason to trust it, because it's going to be worthy of trust.
But if, in contrast, they're not responsible -- we couldn't trust them.
I have friends who are comfortable and honest, but I don't trust them to take a letter on the ground, because they're flowing.
I have friends who are very sure that they can make certain things, but I see that they are tracking their own competition.
And I was very happy to say that I think I don't have many friends who are comfortable and responsible but extremely destructive.
If it is, I still haven't noticed it.
But that's what we're looking for.
The trust is the answer.
Consciousness is what we have to pick.
And of course, it's hard.
In the last few decades, we have tried to build accountability systems for all kinds of institutions, professionals, forces and others, that make us easier for the task to judge their trustworthiness.
Many of those systems have had the opposite effect.
They don't work as you should.
I remember one time I was talking to a party and said, "Well, you see, the problem is it takes more time to make the paper rocket than eating the partner in it.
And we found the same problem in all of our public lives, and institutional, that the response system that is destined to guarantee the prevalence and the conference testing, is actually doing the opposite.
What they do is that they do the work of people who have to make hard tasks, like paradigms, to imagine that they "sending the catastrophes, as we say.
I guess you all know similar examples.
All that, all of that, by the target.
I think the goal should be more concert, and things would be different if we try to be a conversation worthy of trust, and we bring them to the people that we're confident and if we try to determine whether other people, officials or political decisions.
It's not easy. It's the trial, the simple actions, the attitude, what it doesn't do.
Third, the task.
It appeals to the task rebuild the trust, puts things into the area.
I bet you and I should rebuild the trust.
Well, we can do it with ourselves.
We can reconstruct a little bit.
We can do it if they're two people, together, trying to improve trust.
But trust in short, in short, is distant because it will give us other people.
You can't rebuild what other people have given you.
You have to give them enough bases so you can trust you.
You have to be worthy of trust.
And that, of course, is because you can't fight it, usually all people, all the time.
But you also have to get the strange evidence that you're worthy of trust.
How do you do that?
That makes every day, everywhere, does the common people, the forces, the institutions, very effectively.
I'll give you a simple commercial example.
The store where I buy my cartoons says that I can give you no explanation.
I take them and give me the money, or I change them for the color that I want.
That's great. I trust them because they became vulnerable to me.
I think there's a great lesson in that.
If you become vulnerable at the other hand, that's a very good proof that you're worthy of trust and you have confidence in what you're saying.
So at the end, I think that what we're looking at is not something very difficult to spread.
What people trust is in the relationships, and in that framework, they can determine when the other person is worthy of trust.
Thank you.
From the beginning of computers we've been able to reduce the separation between us and digital information, the separation between our material and the world of the screen where imagination can be disconnected.
This separation has been reduced, increasingly and more, to such a point that today is less than one mine, the thickness of the glass of a tactile screen, and the power of computing has become accessible to everyone.
But I wondered, and if there was no barriers?
I started imagining what it would be.
First of all, I created this tool that goes into the digital space, so that when the hard thing against the screen carries its physical body to pulses.
designers can maximize their ideas directly in 3D, and surgeons can practice with virtual organs under the screen.
So with this tool you break the barriers out.
But the two hands stay still outside the screen.
How will you get into the inside and interact with digital information using all the distribution of the hands?
In the division of Science Digital Science -- along with my mentor singing Boston, I was able to get a little bit of a little space on the keyboard in a digital area of work.
So I bought a transparent video with depth cameras to detect the fingers and the face, now you can raise the hands of the keyboard, will get into the inside of the 3D space, and grab it directly with your hands.
As windows and architects have a location in real space, selected it is as easy as to grab a book from a standard.
You can bend the book and turn lines or words with the virtual toxic sensor that there is below every floating screen.
The architects can stretch or rotate their muscles directly with their hands.
In these examples, we entered the digital world.
What if we invest the papers and make the digital information come to us?
Now, many of us have bought and cut things out of the Internet.
Now that doesn't have to worry about.
What I have here is a virtual test on the Internet.
This is the vision that you get from a device moving in your head or translated when the system understands the geometry of your body.
If we took this idea further, I thought, instead of just seeing pixels in space, how can we make them physical so that we can touch them and feel it?
What would it be a future like this?
In the MIT Media Lab, with my friend Hiroshima Israel and my collaborator Red Poetry, we created this only physical fight.
So this particular magnet is behaving like a 3D test in space, which means that so much the computer as the users can move the object anywhere within this little three-dimensional space.
Simple, what we did was we announced gravity and control the movement through a combination of magnetic astronomers and mechanical antibiotics and detectors.
And as we program digitally the object, we release it from time constraints and space, which means that human movements can record and go back and go back to the physical world.
You can teach physically, physically and distance and the famous thing from Michael Jordan, can be represented as a physical reality that you want to.
Students can use it as tools to understand complicated concepts like the movement of planets, physics, and unlike the monopoly or textbooks -- this is a real and palpable experience that you can touch and feel. It's very powerful.
But what's more fascinating than changing the physical part of the computer is to imagine how to program the world is going to change our everyday physical activities.
As you see, digital information will not only show us something but to start acting directly on us as part of the physical world that surrounds us without that we have to distinguish ourselves from our world.
We started the talk today talking about a barrier, but if we separate that barrier -- the only limit that's going on is our imagination.
Thank you.
I was trained to become a Texas for two years in Hong, China in the '70s.
When I was in the first grade, the government wanted to transfer a school to live with all the paid.
But my mother tiger said, "No."
My parents wanted me to become engineer, like them.
After surviving the Cultural Revolution, they believed strongly that there was only a central path towards happiness, a safe and good job recorded.
No matter if the work would like me or not.
But my dream was to be a Chinese opera sandwich.
This was me, in my imaginary piano.
A sandwich has to start to train from very young people to learn the access, so I tried everything I could to go to the opera school.
I was written at the director of school and the present of a radio program.
But no adult loves the idea.
It was a serious adult.
Only my friends were supporting me, but they were kids, without authority, like me.
So at age 15 years old, I knew it was too much greater to train.
My dream would never be done.
Well, that during the rest of my life, a second class was the only thing I could aspire to.
And this was so unfair.
So I solved looking for another vaccine.
No one of them wanted to teach me, OK.
I read books.
"The Forces of Santa -- "The Charles Charles, "The Herbie of National School, in National Cameron -- and what were the first books that I here?
Those who were banned in China, of course.
"The Good Earth, about the life campus.
And it's not a convincing programming.
The Bible is interesting, but strange.
That's a topic for another day.
But the fifth commandment for me was a record, "Get your father and your mother."
"Look, I said, "It's so different, and much better than you are obsessed.
And so it became my tool to get out of this confidence transition and to reclaim the relationship with my parents.
The encounter with a new culture also led to my computer reading habit as well.
It takes a lot of perspectives.
For example, this map seemed to me, because this is what the students in China learn about.
I had never occurred to myself, that China didn't have to be in the center of the world.
A map involves people's perspective.
The comparison reading is not a new thing.
It's a common practice in the academic world.
There are to research fields as comparable religion and comparable literature.
Build and contrast, they offer the academics a deeper understanding of a subject.
And I thought that if the computer reading was working to research, why not do it also in everyday life?
So I started reading books from two.
You can try to be a people named "The Freedom From Warren International, from David Muslim that were involved in one subject, or friends with shared experiences.
For the Chicago, tensions are economic, political and spiritual people.
For the Buddha -- they're all psychologists, lust, fear and social self, interesting.
If you know another language, it's also fun to read your favorite books in two languages.
"The way of Charles Thorya, Thomas Mexico -- "A War Park, instead of losing in the translation -- found that you can win a lot of it.
For example, it's through the translation that I realized that "Interviewer: in China literally means "The fast, Joe.
And "In in China literally means "The mother, Oh.
The books opened up a magic door to connect with people from the past and the present.
I know that I would not feel used or impossible ever.
Having a distant dream really is nothing compared to what many others have suffered for.
I've come to believe that the reality is not the only purpose of a dream.
Their most important purpose is to connect to the place that dreams, where the passion comes from, where happiness comes from.
Until a dead dream can do that for you.
And it's because of the books, which I'm here, happy, living again with purpose and clearly, most of the time.
So, the books always get them.
Thank you.
Thank you.  Thank you.
When I was in my 20th, I saw my first client of psychology.
I was a Ph.D. student in Berkeley in Berkeley.
She was a 28-year-old woman named Alan.
And I went into the first session using salary and a steel sheep, and he took on my office floor taken up the shoes and told me that I wanted to talk about their problems with men.
When I heard this, I felt so advanced.
My class of class had a little bit like the first client of it.
And I took a reward I wanted to talk about men.
I thought I could handle it.
But I didn't.
With the short stories that Alex brought to the services, it was easy to move the head as we were going to go back the solution.
"The terrorist is the new grandmothers, he said Alex, and so I saw her, she was right.
You start working later, you have a little bit of children later, to death goes later.
To sell them like Alex and I had time.
But shortly after, my supermarket prepared me to prepare Alex to talk about their love life.
I was residential.
I said, "The self is coming out with guys under your category -- you have an open head with a horse head, but it's not like you're going to marry you.
And then my supermarket said, "It's not, but maybe he married the next one.
Also, the best moment to work in the marriage of Alex is before it happened.
This is what psychologists call a moment.
It was when I realized that 30 are not the new 20.
Yes, people feel head after what they were used to, but this didn't make the Albert 20 to be a pause in their development.
This made the 20th of Alex were the perfect moment, and we were wasting it.
So I realized that this kind of benign negotiation was a real problem and had real consequences, not only for Alex and his love life, but for the careers, the families and the future of short sales everywhere.
There are 50 million trips in the United States, today.
This means 15 percent of the population, or 100 percent if you consider that no one comes to adults without going to happen before the 20s.
Raise your hand if you're in your 20.
I want to see the shortcuts here.
Oh, yeah. They're amazing.
If you work with records, you love a short, you take the dream a short, I want to see. It's fine. Amazing.
This is not just my opinion. These are the facts.
We know that 80 percent of the key moments in life will happen at 35 years.
This means eight of every 10 decisions and experiences and moments "I have to give her life to have happened to when they have 30 and so much.
People of more than 40 -- they don't get in a panic.
This audience is going to be okay, I think.
We know that the first 10 years of a race have an exponential impact on the amount of money they win.
We know that more than half of Americans are married, they live or are coming out with their future partner at 30 years.
We know that the brain ends up its second and last stage of growth in its 20s and reversed for adults, which means that if there's something that wants to change themselves, now is the moment to change it.
We know that personality changes more times during their 20s than in any other time in life, and we know that female fertility comes to the 28th and things become complicated at 35 percent.
The 20 are the time to educate about their body and their options.
When we think about the development of the child, we all know that the first five years are crucial for language and attachment in the brain.
It's a moment in which his daily and common life has a driven impact in the person that will become it.
But what we don't hear often is that there's something called adult development and our 20 are a critical moment in adult development.
But this is not what the geneticists are listening.
The newspapers talk about changes on the time of adulthood.
The researchers call the 20-year-old terms.
The journalists are coined to the records like "The Anthropology and "The "Computer?
It's true.
As a culture, we have considered a sad thing that is actually the decade that is the decade that is defined.
Leonardo Berlin said that to achieve great things, they need a plan and not enough time.
Isn't it?
What do you think happens when you give you a paper on your head and say, "Do you have another 10 years to start your life?
Nothing happens.
They steal that person the sense of urgency.
And then every day, looking smart, interesting as you or your children and daughters come to my office and say something like this: "I know that my girlfriend is not good for me, but this relationship doesn't own. I'm just killing time ...
Or they say, "You say that while you start a career before the age of 30, it will be fine."
But then it starts to sound something like this: "My two are for finished and I still have nothing to show you.
It was better at the day that I graduated from college.
And then it starts to sound something like this: "The quotes for the 20s were like the game of chairs.
They all come up and get fun, but then at some point around the age of 30, the music came up, and they all started sitting down.
I didn't want to be the only one that would be stop, so sometimes I think I married my husband because he was the nearest chair when he was 30.
Where are the neighbors here?
They don't do that.
Well, that sounds a little extreme, but it's not wrong, the risks are very high.
When you leave a lot of things for the 30,000 -- there's a huge pressure to the temperatures and so many of you start a career -- you choose a city, you choose a mate, and you have two or three children in a much more short time.
Many of these things are not competitive, and there are research that start to show you, which is much more difficult and stressed to do everything in the age of 30.
The crisis of the average present age, it's not about buying red cartoons.
It's about realizing you can't have the career you want now.
You realize you can't have the son you want now, or you can't give him a brother to your son.
Many translations and conferences look to themselves, and to me, sitting in the room, and they talk about their 20th, "What was I doing? What was I thinking?"
I want to change what the neighbors are doing and thinking.
Here's a story about how it might be.
It's a story about a woman called Emma.
At the age of 25, I went to my office because I was in his own words, having an identity crisis.
He said that he would like to work in art or in the entertainment, but you still couldn't decide it, so I spent the last few years working as a member.
As it was cheaper -- I lived with a man who showed more textbooks than the ambition.
And despite living about 20 very difficult, his previous life had been even harder.
He was often in our services, but then he was left itself by saying, "You don't choose your family, but you can choose your friends."
Well, one day Emma got his head over his legs and cried for almost every hour.
I was just buying a new bookstore for dictatorship, and I had spent all the morning running with his many contacts -- but then he looked at the empty space that followed after the words "The case of emergency, please call here?
I was at the point of history when he saw me and said, "What is it going to be for me if I have a car accident?
Who's going to tell me if I get cancer?
At that time, I took a lot of work to resist and I wouldn't say, "Yes."
What Emma needed was not a tradition that really worried about.
I needed a better life, and I knew this was his opportunity.
I had learned a lot since I worked with Alex as to just sitting as the demographic decade of Emma walked in front of it.
So over the next weeks and months, I told Emma three things that all of you, man or female, deserves to know.
First, I told Emma to forget about that identity crisis and get identity capital.
So for identity capital -- I mean doing something that add your person.
Doing something that is an investment in what you want to be later.
I didn't know the future of Eastern corner, and nobody knows the future of work, but I know this, identity capital creates identity capital.
So now it's time for that work on the other side of the country, from that interface, from that company that you want to test.
I'm not describing a quick exploration, I'm surrounded by exploration that shouldn't tell you, which, by the way, is not exploration.
It's protected.
I told Emma to explore jobs and make them tell you.
Second, I told Emma that urban tribes are supporting.
The best friends are excellent to get to the airport, but the shorts that are together with friends with similar minds are limited to who you know, what you know, how they think, how they talk, and where they work.
That new piece of capital -- that new person who will go out almost always comes from its closest circle.
New things come from what they call strain friends of friends of their friends.
Yes, half of the shorts have a bad job or they don't have work.
But the other half not, and the weak links are the way to collaborate this group.
Half of the jobs created never published, then, knowing the boss of your neighbor is the way you get a job not published.
It's not training. It's the science of how information happens.
Finally, but not least, Emma believed that you don't choose your family, but you know your friends.
This was true when I was growing up, but as a short, Emma soon chose to choose his family, when he has a partner and her own family.
I told Emma that the time to choose his family had arrived.
Maybe you think that the 30 is better than to sit head than 20 or even 25 and I agree with you.
But to choose the person that you live now or you appreciate now when everyone in Facebook, you start walking towards the high is not progress.
The best moment to work in your marriage is before you have, and that means that it is so intentional in love as you're at work.
Your family has to be a conscious choice of who and what you want instead of just doing it work or killing time with whom you choose them to you.
So what happened to Earth?
Well, we did that director, and she found the roommate of a cousin that worked in an art museum in another state.
This weak link helped him get a job there.
That work of work gave him a reason to leave the boyfriend that he lived in.
Now, five years later, it's sort of special organic organization in museums.
This married with a man who elected constantly.
I lost his new career, he loves his new family, and he sent me a letter that said, "Now the emergency contact spaces are not big enough.
The story of Emma can sound easy, but that's what I love to work with recording.
It's very easy to help you.
The shorts are like airplanes coming out of the Los Angeles airport, which come somewhere in the West.
Just before the drop, a light advertised on its trajectory makes the difference between landing in Alaska or Mini.
In the same way, at 21 or 25 and even at the age of 21, a good conversation, a good transformation, a good TED talk can have huge effects in the next years or even in the next generations.
This is my idea worthy of spreading all the managers that you know.
It's as simple as what I learned to say to Alex.
It's what now I have the privilege to tell you as Earth every day -- the terms are not the new 20, which is the new 20s, and they get identity capital -- use their short links, choose your family.
They didn't let me define for what they didn't know or what they didn't do.
They're deciding their life today.
Thank you.
When I was 27 years old, I left a very early job in a general consulting for a work that was even more except, the door.
I went to teach math students in New York public schools in New York.
And as any teacher, they apply tests and tests.
I give you tasks.
When the work came, I cut the grades.
What struck me was that the Chinese was not the only difference between my best and my worst students.
Some of those who had a better performance had no presentation of China photographers.
Some of my most intelligent kids were not doing so well.
And that became thinking.
The kind of thing you need to learn in math in seventh degrees, secure -- are hard, properties, doctors, the area of a paralyzed.
But these concepts are not impossible, and I was very convinced that each of my students could learn the lesson if they worked hard and during enough time.
After several years later, I came to the conclusion that what we need in education is a better understanding of students and learning from a modern perspective from a psychological perspective.
In education, the only thing we know how to measure in better ways.
It's the China, but what if it's going to be successful in school and in life it depends much more than the ability to learn in faster and easy way to learn in a faster and easy way?
So I left the classrooms and I went to college to become psychological.
I started studying kids and adults in all sorts of challenging scenarios, and in every study my question was, who is successful here and why?
My research team and I went to the military Architect Web America.
We tried to try to predict what characters would stay in military training and who would be residential.
We went to the National Consent of December and trying to predict what children are going to move away from the best possible in the competition.
We study novel teachers working on really difficult neighborhoods, asking them what teachers are still teaching for the end of the school year and those who will be the most effective thing to improve the learning of the learning of their students.
We partnered with private companies, ask them, what about these genes are going to keep their job of work?
And who is going to make more money?
In all those very different context, it came up a feature as a major prediction of success.
And it wasn't social intelligence.
It wasn't the good approach, physical health and wasn't the China.
It was determination.
The determination is passion and persuasive to reach very long-term goals.
The determination is to have resistance.
The determination is to take care of their future, day after day, not just for the week, not only for the month, but for years and working really hard to make that future a reality.
The determination is to live life as if it was a market, not a career at all speed.
A few years ago, I started studying determination in public schools in Chicago.
I asked thousands of high school students who did my determination and then wait around more than a year to see who they were gentle.
It turns out that children with more determination were significantly greater likely to graduate -- even when they pushed them in every feature that I could measure, things like family income, the results of standardized tests, even the security that they felt the kids when they were in school.
So it's not only in the West Point or at the National Consent of December in which the determination matters. It's also in school, especially for children in risk of returning.
For me, the most important thing about determination is how much we know -- how much the science knows about its development.
Every day, parents and teachers ask me, "How do you develop the determination in the children?
What should I do to teach kids a successful job ethic.
How do you keep them motivation for the long term?
The most honest answer is, I don't know.  What I know is that the talent doesn't give you determination.
Our data shows very clearly that there are many talented individuals who simply don't follow their commitment.
In fact, in our data, the ultimate determination is not related or is even related to the talent measurements.
So far, the best idea I've ever heard about developing the determination in children is something called "The Group of Group?
This is a really developed idea at the University of Stanford by Carol Department, and it's the belief that the ability to learn is not free, that it can change with the effort.
Dr. Department has shown that when kids read and learn about the brain and how they change and grow in response to challenge, they're much more likely to pay when they fail, because they don't believe that that failure is a permanent condition.
So growth mindset is a great idea to develop depression.
But we need more.
And that's where I end up my speech, because that's where we are.
That's the work that we have at the front.
We need to take our best ideas, our stronger intelligence, and we need to test them.
We need to measure if they have been successful, and we have to be willing to fail to fail, to be willing to start all again with the lessons that we can learn.
In other words, we need to be determined about making our children more secure.
Thank you.
Growing in Taiwan as the daughter of a hole, one of my most boring memories is my mother showing the beauty, the shape and the shape of Chinese characters.
Since that moment, I was amazed by this incredible language.
But for an army, it seems as accurate as the Great Wall Bush.
In the last few years, I've been wondering if I can give you this molecule, so that you want to understand and appreciate the beauty of this sophisticated language can do it.
I started thinking about how a new and fastest method of learning Chinese could be useful.
Since I was five years old, I began to learn how to draw each of the prices of every charity in the right sequence.
I learned new characters every day for the next 15 years.
Since we only have five minutes, it's better than we do it in a faster and very simple way.
A Chinese academic will understand 20,000 characters.
You just need a thousand to understand basic adaptability.
The first 200 will allow them to understand 40 percent of the basic literature -- enough to read traffic signals -- to read the basic idea of the web pages or the newspapers.
I'm going to start with eight to show you how the method works.
Are you ready?
Open your mouth as much as it is possible until it's square.
They got a mouth.
This is a person who's going to give a walk.
People.
If the shape of the fire is a person with arms in both sides, as if I was screaming in fraction, "So I'm opening. This symbol is actually organized in the form of the call, but I like to believe that it's the other way.
This is a tree.
tree.
This is a mountain.
The sun.
The moon.
The sea symbol looks like a couple of doors.
I had these eight characters.
These are building blocks so they believe many more characters.
A person.
If someone walks back, that's "The Poetry.
As the old said, two are companies, three are multi-performing.
If a person pulls your arms, this person is saying, "It's like this big.
The person inside the mouth, the person is attractive.
It's a prisoner like John in the whale.
A tree is a tree, two trees together, we have a forest.
Three trees together, we also have the forest.
Put a table under the tree, we have the strategies.
Put a mouth on the tree, that's a "designed,  easy to remember, because a party tree is quite idea.
Remember the fire?
Two fires together, it's very hot.
Three fires together, that's a lot of call.
You put the fire under the two trees -- that's wanting.
The sun is the source of prosperity.
Two sun together, pressure.
Three together, those are drawings.
Go to the sun and the moon shining together, that's the block.
It also means tomorrow, after one day and a night.
The sun comes out on the horizon.
A door. You put a board inside the door, is the blade of the door.
Put a mouth inside the door, ask you questions.
Hey, take a guy at home?
This person is coming out of a door, spreading, embracing.
On the left, we have a woman.
Two women together, they're discussing it.
Three women together, having care is advanced.
So we've gone for almost 30 characters.
When we use this method -- first eight factors will allow them to build 32 percent.
The next group of eight characters will build another 32.
So with every little effort, you will be able to learn a couple of hundreds of characters, which is the same thing that I learned a eight year-old Chinese.
So after meeting the characters -- we started creating sentences.
For example, the mountain and the fire together, we have a flower mountain. It's a flight.
We know that Japan is the land of the sun.
This is a sun placed with the origin because Japan is in the eastern China.
So one sun next to the ocean, we created Japan.
A person behind Japan, what do we have?
A Japanese person.
The character on the left are two mountains thrown over the other.
In the ancient China, that meant exchange, because Chinese employers will destroy their political enemies beyond the mountains.
Today, the electron has become coming out.
A mouth that tells you where to go out is a salt.
This is a slide to remind you that I have to stop talking and down the stage. Thank you.
What I prefer to be dad is the movies that come to see.
I love to share my favorite films with my kids, when my daughter was four years old, we saw the Olympic magician together.
The film is dominated for months.
His favorite character was Guardian, of course.
He gave him a good excuse to use a brilliant dress and bring a magic vaccine.
But when you see that film so many times, you get to understand that it's extraordinary.
We now live and we create our children in a kind of complex computer show of child shape.
However, the Olympic magician was an event in itself.
It didn't start that trend.
The trend really took up a couple of years later -- interestingly, another film whose pressures -- a metal kid and a high boy rescued a driver girl as a governor of the enemy.
Do you know what I'm talking about?  Yeah.
There's a big difference between these two films, there's a couple of big differences between the Olympic magician and all the movies that we see today.
One is that there's very little violence in the Ocean map.
The monkeys are pretty aggressive, like the markets.
But I think if the Olympic magician is done today, the magician would say, Darwin, you're the San San On the one as the propellent is predictable.
They use magic shoes to defeat the army management computer computer computer.
But that's not what happens.
Another unique thing in the Oscar map is that the most heroic characters -- wise and even blocks are women.
I started noticing this when I did see "Star Wars to my daughter, a few years later, and the situation was different.
At that point, I had a son.
It's just three years.
It wasn't invited to the projection because it was still very small for that.
But it was the second child, and the supermarket level had gone down.  And so he stood in the room and he was printed as a broken mom with his parasites behind, and I don't think he understood what happened, but increasingly, he would absorb everything.
I wonder what it is.
Are they issues of value and depression and liberal?
Does it have the feeling that Lou joined an army to decompose the government?
And we compare this with the 19th map of 1989.
How do you win your film, right?
Make good blocks with everyone and be a license.
It's the kind of world that I want my kids to grow up with, OK?
Why is it that there is so much FM capital force, force in the movies for our children, and so much of the yellow yellow parks.
There's a lot of literature about the impact of male violence movies in the girls, and they should read it. It's very good.
I haven't read so much about how kids react to this study.
I know for experience that Richard Philip didn't provide the proper framework that I would have served to navigate the world of adults that is measurement.  I think at the time of the first sound, I really expected that the credit started to appear because it's the end of the movie, right?
My search has done, I have a nucleus.
Why are you standing there?
I don't know what I should do.
The movies are focused on melting the spill and getting their reward, and they don't leave time for other relationships or other adventure.
It's almost like being a child, you have to be a stupid animal, and if you're a girl, you have to use a war suit.
There are lots of exceptions, and they define the prostheses of Disney to any of you.
But they send a message to children, even though they, the kids, are not really their target public.
They do a phenomenal job by teaching girls how to defend the paralyzer, but they don't necessarily show kids how to defend the paralyze.
There's no model for them.
We also have some great women who write new stories for our children, so real and lovely like Higgs and Kateli, but they don't stop being a war movies.
Of course, the most successful topic of all time continues to go in classic after classic after classic -- each of them about the adventure of a child or a man, or two men who are friends, or a man and his son, or two men who raised a girl.
Until that, as many of you are thinking, this year, finally came out.
I'll recommend all of you. It's already available in stores.
Remember what the crisis said when it was based out?
I can't believe that Pixar has made a movie from a prison.
It's very good. Don't let it stop them?
Well, almost none of these movies passes the test of Benjamin.
I don't know if you've heard about this.
There hasn't been any roots and it's already scared, but maybe we're going to start a movement.
Red Benjamin is a comic computer, and in the late 1980s, I recorded a conversation that had had with a friend of the display of the movies that they saw.
And it's very simple. There are only three questions that you should do -- in the film, there's more than a female character that has lines?
So, you have to fulfill the requirement of it.
These women talk about each other at some point in the movie?
Their conversations are about something else from the boy than they do like --  Right? Thank you.  Thank you very much.
Two women who exist and talk about things each other.
I've seen it, and yet very rarely I see it in the movie we know and love.
In fact, this week I went to see a very good quality film, Archie.
Right? Transition of Delaway, successful to the time, a concept idea of what a movie Hollywood movie is.
It's probably not the test of Benjamin.
And I don't think I should say, because a lot of the film, I don't know if you've seen it, a lot of the film happens in a speaker where men and women hide during the regions of the neighbors.
We have a lot of scenes of men who have deep and painful conversations in this short, and it's the great moment for one of the actors to take a look at the door and say, "Can you go to bed side?
This is Hollywood.
So you look at the numbers.
In 2011, from the 100 most popular movies, how many of them think they have female prototypes?
Narrator: It's not bad.
It's not the same percentage of the number of women that we've chosen recently for Congress, then it's fine.
But there's a bigger number that is going to determine this room.
Last year -- New York Times published a study that the government had done.
This is what he said.
In the United States, one in five women say it has been sexually assaulted in his life.
I don't think it's the blame of mass entertainment.
I don't think movies for children have something to do with that.
I also don't think that music videos or police are closely linked to us, but something wrong wrong, and when I hear that statistic -- one of the things that I think is that there is a lot of sexual advertising.
Who are those kinds? What are these kinds?
What don't you do to learn it?
They are addressing the story that says that the role of a male hero is to defeat the violin with violence and then pick up the reward.
We're adding that story?
You know, as a father with the privilege of raising a daughter like those of you who are doing the same thing, we find this world and this very alarming statistics and we want to get them up.
We have tools to our device as possible, and we hope that that will help, but I have to ask you, but I have to ask you, at the same time, activate or progress, are we educating our children to keep their power math?
I mean, I think the list of Netflix is a way to do something really important, and here I mean mainly to parents.
I think we have to show our children a new definition of shoulder.
The definition of marketing is radically changing.
You've read about how the new economy is changing the role of the home and the military story.
Everything is changing.
When I asked my daughter, what was his favorite character of Star Wars know what he remembers?
One?
Audience: Kenya and Galance.
What are these two common?
Maybe it's not just the brilliant dress of it.
I think they're experts.
I think these are the two people in those movies who know more than anyone, and they love to share their knowledge with other people to help them reach their potential.
They're leaders.
I like that kind of story for my daughter, and I like that kind of stories for my son.
I want more stories like that.
I want less stories to tell my son, and I see and fought only and more stories where his work is to join a team, maybe a team led by women, helping other people improve and better people, like October of Ocean.
Thank you.
As a child, I lived in Maine and one of the things that I was more like to look at sea cookies on the coast of Maine because my parents told me that I would give me luck.
But you know, it's hard to find these courses.
They're covered sand and it's hard to see them.
However, over time, we were invited to look for them.
I started to see shapes and patterns that helped me collect.
This became a passion for finding things, in a love for past and architecture.
And finally when I started studying employment, I realized that I would see with my own eyes wasn't enough.
Because, suddenly, in Egypt, my little beach in Maine had grown up to one of almost 120 miles of length.
And my sea cookies had grown up to the size of cities.
This is really what led me to use satellite images.
To try to make a map of the past, I knew I had to see in another way.
I want to show you an example of how different we see when we use infrared people.
This is a place in the eastern ocean of Egypt called Benjamin.
And the place, to simple sight, seems to be brown down, but when we use infrared and process it to use it fall, it certainly looks like bright rock.
What you're looking at are the real chemical changes of the landscape caused by the building materials and the activities of ancient Egyptians at all.
I want to share with you how we've used satellite data to find an ancient Egyptian city, called Exponent, lost for thousands of years.
Elizabeth was the capital of ancient Egypt for over 400 years in a time called the Middle Empire about 4,000 years ago.
The place is in the Farm, Egypt, and it's really important because in the Middle East, there was this great renaissance of ancient Egyptian art, architecture and religion.
The engineers have always known that Explorate was located somewhere near the pilots of the two kings that build them, indicate within the red circles here, but somewhere within this huge amount of random.
This area is enormous -- it measures about six for 40 miles.
Before, the Nigerian is right next to Experience and as he changed over time, he ran into this and covered all the city.
So how do you find a separate city in a foreign landscape, right?
Trying to try to figure out the supply would be the equivalent of looking for a needle in a partnership, with the eyes sold and using baseball gifts.
So we use NASA Turkey data to make a map of the place, with very subtle changes.
We could see where the NASA speed.
But you can see more specifically, and it's even more interesting, this slightly bizarre area that you see inside the circle here, that we thought it could be the location of Expresse.
So we collaborated with Egyptian scientists doing a sample job, you can see it here.
When I say show you, it's like the table of show in ice, but instead of layers of climate change, we look for human busy.
Five meters down, under a thick thick layer -- we found a dense layer of biology objects.
This means that in this possible location of Experiment, five meters down, we have a several hundred years of years that data from the Middle Empire -- exactly the same period that we think is Expresse.
We also found the jobs of asking, collapsed, cold and song, which shows that there was a jewelry workshop.
This might seem like it's not a lot, but when we think about the most common stones used in the mountain of the Middle Empire -- these are the rocks that were used.
So we have a dense layer of occupation that data from the Middle Empire in this place.
We also have evidence of a elite jewelry workshop that shows that what has been there was a very important city.
We still don't find Express here, but we'll go back to the place in a near future to locate it.
And even more importantly, we have the resources to train young Egyptians in the use of satellite technology, so they can also make great discoveries.
I want to end with my favorite quote of the Middle Empire. I was probably written in exhibition about 4,000 years ago.
To share knowledge is most of all companies.
There's nothing like that on land.
So I mean, TED was not founded in 1984 per C.
It made ideas happen really started in 1984 to C.
It basically puts the search for marine contents in perspective.
Thank you very much.
Thank you.
I want to invite you to close your eyes.
Imagine standing outside the door of the house.
I want you to pay attention to the color of the door, to the material that it's made.
Now you see a group of nuclear nuclear obesity.
They are competing in a network of bike billionators, and they're going on direction to their income door.
I need you to look at this really.
They're providing strong propositions, they're supportive, they're going to be a lot.
And they collide in front of the door of his house.
There's bicycle flying all over the place, wheels that happen on its side, rays of the wheels that end up in adult places. You put the board of the door.
The very version of the head, or what you have to the other side of the door, and you look at the quality of light, the light shining on the Galance Massachusett.
They're holding them with the hand.
From his chair, on a brown horse.
It's a horse that talks about.
You can feel your blue oil making content in your nose.
You can smell the airplane and steps that is about to get in your mouth.
You walk on the side and you enter your living room.
In the room, and making it use more of your imagination, imagine Brian San Spanish.
It's with a rock rock, dancing on his center market, singing "The Bono Mary Time.
Now I encourage the kitchen.
The ground has been collected with a yellow yellow brick path, and from the oven, you go to the Dalai -- the Hollywood Man, the Department and the Leopard of Olympic of Ohio, shoot out to you.
Okay. Open your eyes.
I want to tell you about a peculiar contest that takes you every spring in New York.
It's called the Medical Medical "Travel.
I went to cover this event a few years ago as scientific journalist, waiting for me, I guess, that this was like the end of a wise support.
There were several men and a few days of different ages and different habitat habits.
They were making hundreds of random numbers, looking at just once.
It shows the names of dozens and dozens of strangers.
It was lost poems in just minutes.
They used to see who he could memorize with higher return to the order of a store shell.
And I thought, "This is incredible.
These people have to be phenomena of nature.
And I started talking to some of the computers.
This is a man named Ed Contra who had come from England and he has one of the best training memory.
I said, "What do you realize that you were a sand?
I said, "I'm not a wise guy.
Actually, I have an average memory.
Everybody who participate from this competition say they have normal memory.
We have trained us to do these military acts of memory using an ancient techniques, invented 250 years ago in Greece, the same techniques that Child used film to memorize their address, and that medieval academics used to make the entire book books.
And my reaction was, "What did I have heard of this before?
And we were standing out of the competition room, and Ed, who is a wonderful and brilliant English -- even though a little extreme, he said, "Oh, you're an American journalist.
Do you know Brian Speaker.
And I said, "What?" No, why?
"I wish I would like to show Brian San how to memorize the order in a live swim sponsor, in national television.
That will tell the world that anybody can do it?
And I said, "Well, I'm not British Spain, but maybe you can teach me.
So you have to start with something right?
And that was the beginning of a very strange journey for me.
I ended up going through most of the year next year not only to train my memory but also investigation, trying to understand how it works, why sometimes it doesn't work and what their potential.
I met a lot of really interesting people.
This is a man called GDP.
He's an amazing, very probably with the worst memory in the world.
His memory was so bad that he didn't even remember that he had a memory problem, it's amazing.
It's an incredibly tragic thing, but it was a window that lets you see how much our memory makes us who we are.
On the other end of the spectrum I met this man.
This is Kim Pentago. It was based for Durve Hall paper in the movie "The Man:
We spent a afternoon together in the public library of Salt Lake City, making a telephone guide was presenting.
And when I came back, I got a number of trials about writing memory doing something over 2,000 years ago in the Amazon and then at the Middle Ages.
And I learned a lot of really interesting things.
One of the most interesting things I learned is that there was a time in which this idea of having trained memory, discipline and culture was not a kind of weird thing as it might seem to be today.
A long time ago, people invest in their memory to provide their minds.
These techniques have made our modern world, but they've also changed us.
They have changed us, and I would say that they've changed us as well.
As we almost don't need to remember, sometimes it seems like we've forgotten how to do it.
One of the last places on our planet where people are still passionate about this idea of a trained memory, discipline and culture is this kind of competition as a memory of memory.
It's actually not so supermarket, there are competition like this all over the world.
I was fascinated -- I wanted to know how they do these people.
A few years ago, a group of researchers at the University of London invented a group of memory cameras, the lab.
Do you want to know -- will be that it has brains in some way, structural or extremely different the rest of us?
The answer was, no.
Are they smarter than the rest of it?
They gave them a cognitive test battery, and the answer was actually not.
There was yet a really interesting and significant difference between the brains of memory and memory and control subjects that they compare them.
When they put them into a magnetic resonance machine, they would scan their brains while they made numbers and faces and forms of snow choirs. They found that in memory camps they were lit out of the brain, different than others.
They used to use, or they seemed to use, a part of the brain that involves space and service memory.
Why? There's something that we can learn from this?
The journey of competitive mechanics is formed as an armed race where every year appears to someone with a new way to remember more things, faster and then the rest of the competitors should be put on the day.
This is my friend Ben Poetry, three times earlier.
In his desk, in front of him, there are 36 dramatic stores that he is about to try and memorize in one hour, using a technique that he invented and he just did.
He uses a similar technique to memorize the precise order of 740 random dogs beautiful.
Half a hour. Yeah.
And while there is a lot of ways to remember things in these competition, absolutely all the techniques used at the end is reduced to a single concept that psychologists call the planning "computer."
He was infected with a parallel elegant known as the Philippines paradox, "It's the next thing? I tell two people who remember the same word, I say to you, "You would have a man called Bangladesh.
That's her end.
And then I ask them, "Do you think there's a "believal"] there.
And when I came back later, and I asked them to do that word I told you a chain."
"You know what it was?
The person who was told that his name is Baltimore is very likely to remember the same word that the person he told her work is "in "The Personally?
The same word, different capacity of memory, that's weird.
What happens here?
Well, the name Bangladesh, actually doesn't mean anything for you. It doesn't have any relationship to you.
With all the other memories that dance on his head.
But the word, "The World. We know the papers.
They use white hat.
They have in their hands.
They go back home to work.
We probably know some pattern.
And when we looked at that word for the first time, we started putting unique choices to pay them physically at some point in the time.
One of the most elaborate techniques to do this data is about 2,500 years ago in the Great Green.
It's known as the memory of memory.
The story says this: There was a poet called Singapore who attended a bank.
They had hired it as entertainment, because before, if you wanted to give a very good party, it didn't get to a DVD, you would hire a poet.
He stood from foot, I read his memory poem, and he died, and so soon he was -- the shell came out of the bank.
Let's get everyone.
But not just killed them all to them, but they destroy the bodies to let them introduce.
No one could say who was there, nobody could remember where they were sitting down.
So you couldn't bury your bodies.
A tragedy behind the other.
Silk, standing on the outside, only survived, in the middle of the rubble -- closed the eyes and realized that with the eyes of his mind, I could see where I had been sitting every invented.
I took the family family to take into where their beings were loved between the rubble of the springs.
What Singapore agrees at that moment is something that we all know about interestingly, and it is that no matter whether we're not good enough to remember names or phone numbers or instructions words for the word of our colleagues, we have visual and space memory.
If I asked them to get to me the first 10 words of the story I just told you about Singapore, it's very likely to do it very hard to do it.
But I would bet that if you asked them to say who I was sitting on the horse standing on his lobby, they would be able to visualize it.
The idea of the memory of memory is to create this building with the eyes of your mind and to put it from images with the things that you want to remember -- the more low, the farmer, the frequency, the terms and the stranger is the image, more incredible to be.
This is a advice that comes from over 2,000 years ago, the first memory of memory on the ground.
And how does it work?
Let's say you have been invited to the TED stage to give a talk and you want to make it memory in the same way that it would have done it Congestion if you had invited it to TED 2,000 years ago.
What you could do is imagine that you're on your doorstep.
And I put some kind of absolutely ridiculous, crazy and uncomfortable image to help us remember that the first thing you want to mention is that completely inspiring competition.
And then you can imagine coming into your house, and you can see the Guardian of the Galapagos.
And that would remind you that you want to introduce your friend Ed College.
And then you saw Brian San to remind you that funny warning you want to tell me.
And then they went into the kitchen, and the fourth issue that they talked about was that strange journey that they did for a whole year, and they have some friends to help them remember it.
This is how the Roman officers make their address, not word for word, which is going to confuse them but typical for typical people.
In fact, the term "Charge, comes from the Greek "Atlantic, which means "London.
It's a dress of when people thought about the orangutan and the rhetoric with this kind of space terms.
The phrase "The first place, it would be like the first place in his memory parachute.
I saw this was just fascinating, and I got in charge of it.
I went to some of these memory competition, and I had the idea of writing something extreme about this competition of competitive markets.
But there was a problem.
The problem was that a memory competition is a parallel event.
So seriously, it's like seeing a lot of people sitting on exams. I mean, the most exciting thing that happens is when someone is moving on the front.
I'm a journalist and I need to write about something.
I know there are amazing things happening in the minds of these people, but I don't have access.
I realized that if I was going to tell this story, I needed to try to put it in place.
So I started to spend 15 or 20 minutes every morning, before I sat down to see the New York Times, just trying to remember something.
Maybe a poem, or the names of an ancient school advertisement in a pound market.
And I discovered that this was completely fun.
I'd never expected it to be.
It was fun, because it wasn't just about training memory.
What is actually about doing is better and more and more the ability to create and imagine these ridiculous images, cartoons, probability, instruments, advertisement and influenced air, in the eye of mind.
I really hooked with this.
This is me, using my standard training team for memory competition.
It's a couple of organized organizations, and some security glasses covered with twice just two advertises, because destruction is the worst enemy of a memory computer.
I ended up coming back to the same contest that I had covered a year before. I had the idea that I could go in, in a kind of participatory presidential experiment.
I thought this could serve a good school for all my research.
The problem was that the experiment came out of control.
And I won the commercial, something that didn't have to happen.
Of course, it's nice to be able to memorize speech, and phone numbers, and shopping lists, but actually this is not the point.
These are just tricks that work.
Because it's based on pretty basic principles about how the brain works.
And you don't need to be able to build a memory of memory or memory wireless devices, to benefit with a little bit of perception about how your mind works.
We often talk about people with a great memory as if they were going to be an innate god, but it's not the case.
Great memories are printed.
At the most basic, we remember when we pay attention.
We remember when we get deeply focused on.
The map of memory? These memory techniques are just shortcuts.
In fact, they're not even real roads.
They work because they make us happen.
They form a kind of deep processing kind of attention that most of them don't want to end up there.
But the reality is, there are no airplanes.
This is how things make memorable things.
And if there's something that I want to leave you today is what GDP, the farmer that I couldn't even remember that I had a memory problem, I left me to me, which is the notion that life is the sum of our memories.
How much are we willing to lose from what our existence is already missing in the Black or iPhone, not paying attention to being human in front of us, who walks on our side. We will be so honest that we don't even bother in process in democracy?
I learned from first hand that there are amazing memory capacities in all of us.
But if you want to live a memorable life, you must be the kind of person I remember to remember it.
Thank you.
I'm going to talk to you about the last 30 years of the history of architecture.
It's a lot to cover in 18 minutes.
It's a complex issue, so we just manage a complex place, New Jersey.
Because 30 years ago, I'm from Nike Jefferson, I was six years old, and I lived there in my parents in a village called Linva and this was my child's display.
In the corner, from my bedroom. I was the bathroom I shared with my sister.
And between my decline and the bathroom, there was a bank that gave the living room.
And there everybody went through the time looking at it, so every time I went out of my room to the bathroom, everybody would see me, and every time I was shower and I turned into a towel -- everybody will see me.
And I was like this.
It was through it, inspired and hated it.
He raised that room, hated that bank, hated that balloon, and that house.
That's the architecture.
Let's go.
Those feelings -- those emotions that I felt, that is the power of architecture, because architecture is not about mathematics, or distribution division -- but of those visual connections, emotional connections, that we feel in the places we face.
And it's not surprising that we feel like that way, because according to the Environmental Protection Agency -- the Americans spend 90 percent of their time under roof.
So 90 percent of the time we're surrounded by architecture.
That's a lot.
Architecture determines us in ways that we don't even realize it.
That makes us a little infected and very, very predictable.
This means that when I show you a building like this, I know what you embrace them, think about "The "computer, and "The "computer?
And I know that you think about it for based on a building built 250 years ago by the Greeks.
This is a trick.
It's an assumption that uses architects to create an emotional connection with the ways we build our buildings.
It's a predictable emotional connection, we've used this trick for a long long time.
We use it 200 years to build banks.
We use it in the 19th century to build art machines.
And in the 20th century in America, we use it to build homes.
Look, these solid soldiers, solid soldiers, in front of the sea, leaving the elements.
This is very, very useful because building things is terrifying.
It's expensive, it takes a long time and it's very complicated.
The people who build organizations and governments are always afraid of innovation, and they prefer to use ways that they know they're going to work.
So we found buildings like this.
It's a beautiful building.
It's the Public Library of Argentina who ended up in 2004, in my hometown, and you know, he's got a dome -- it has this round thing, color, bankers red, who let me come up with this building with this building, the children, the property values, the story.
But it doesn't have a lot to do with a library of today.
That same year, in 2004, on the other side of the country, you end up another library, which looks like this.
It's in Seattle.
This library shows how we use communication media in the digital age.
It's a new kind of public equipment for the city, a place to meet and read and share.
So how is it possible that in the same year, in the same country, two buildings, both call libraries -- are so completely different?
And the answer is that architecture works at the beginning of the cliff.
On one side is innovation that constantly drives new technologies, new temperatures, new solutions for life forms today.
We moved forward, and we grow so much, that we get rid of the people.
All of black, this is going to tell us -- you think we feel very well, but we're dead inside because we don't have another choice.
We have to go on the other side and go back to connecting them to those symbols.
So we do that, and we are all happy, but we feel like traditions. So we started to experience again, we make the pressure back back and forth and over and over again, so we've done in the last 300 years, and of course, in the last 30 years.
Well, 30 years ago, we went out of the '70s.
The architects were busy experimenting with the so-called "player.
It's got to do with ants.
That can be accurate.
Secondly stuff in the scale of scale.
Something really hard.
So we went back to the 1980s, and we started to incorporate those symbols.
We put the piece back in the other direction.
We take those forms that we know that we like and address them.
We are born and we add patterns and we use new materials.
They love it.
We don't get anger.
We take Christian travels and turn them into skyscrapers that can be marine catastrophes made of glass.
The shapes were advanced, they won in addiction and color.
The plans became color.
The colleagues grew up to the size of the buildings.
A madness.
But they were '80s, that was great.
We all spend the rest of commercial centers -- we moved to the neighborhoods, and there in the suburbs, we could create our own architectural fantasy.
Those fantasy could be to the marketing to the French or the Italian.
You can probably have a step of bread.
This is what happens with presentation.
This is what happens to the symbols.
They're easy, they're cheap, because instead of creating new spaces, we remember memories of other places.
I know very well, and you all know that this is not the Tasmania.
This is Ohio.
The architects feel frustrated and we started making the pressure back in the other direction.
In the '80s and early '90s, we started experimenting with the so-called self-definition.
We discovered historical symbols -- we now count with new techniques of design live design, and we find new comparisons, some ways that are connected against other forms.
This is academic and embally, and it's super impressive. One is totally except.
Normally, the profit profit again in opposite direction.
But then something surprising happened.
In 1997, this building.
It's the German Country of Frank George.
This building fundamentally changed the relationship of the world with architecture.
Paul Gandhi said that Bilbao was one of those rare moments when critical, academic and public and public in general, were completely agree about a building.
The New York Times cat this military construction.
The tourism in Bilbao increased by a 2,500 percent when the building.
So all of a sudden, everybody wanted one of those buildings, Los Angeles, Seattle, Chicago, New York, Clarley, Scottish.
Everybody wanted one, and George was everywhere.
He was our first star architect.
But how is it possible that these forms and wild and radical ones, how is it possible to become ubiquitous around the world?
And it happened, because the media is manipulated around them, and quickly we learned that these shapes mean culture and train.
We've created an emotional reaction with these forms.
The same thing did the world's biggest radio.
So everybody believed that if they had these forms, they had culture and trains.
This phenomenon of beginning of the new million country has other stars in the ground.
It happened to Zambia and Liberia, and what happened with these few elite architects in the threshold of the new millennium, actually started going on with all the architecture, digital media began to increase the speed of information consumption.
Think for example, for example, how to consume architecture.
A thousand years ago, they would have to have walked up to the next village to see a building.
Transition is accelerated, you can take a boat, an airplane, you can be trained.
The current technology -- you can see in the newspapers, in the top, and at the end, we're all proud of architecture, and the building is transported beyond its physical location.
Architecture is everywhere now, that means that communications speed has finally reached the speed of architecture.
Because architecture is moving so fast.
It doesn't take a long time to think about a building.
It takes a lot of time to build a building, three or four years, and at that time, an architect can design two, eight, or 100 buildings more, before knowing if the one who designed four years ago was a success or not.
Because there's never been good feedback in architecture.
This is how we found buildings like this.
The military was not a two years, but 20 years.
For 20 years, we were building buildings like this because we had no idea how much they were dealing.
That will never happen again. I think, because we're at the top of the largest revolution in architecture from the invention of the air or the steel or the area, and it's the media revolution.
My theory is that when the media applies to media -- it starts to set up faster and faster, until it will be in both extremes almost in the surface, and it's effectively distributed the difference between innovation and symbol between us, the architects and the public.
Now we can do almost instant symbols with emotional charge -- something completely new.
I'm going to show you how the system works in a project that my company ended up recently.
We were hired to replace this building that was entered.
This is the center of a village called Pakistan in Fried Island, in the state of New York.
It's a vaccine community.
But that meant two years before the building, it was part of the community, and as the drawings looked exactly the product done, there were no surprise.
The building came to be part of the community -- that first summer, when people started to get and share it in social media, the building stopped being just a building, became a media of communication, because these are not just images of a building, they're the images that one made of the building.
And as you use them to tell your story, it becomes part of the personal narrative, and that makes it contracted with collective memory, and by cutting these symbols -- we learn.
I mean, we don't need the Greeks to tell us how to think about architecture.
We can tell each other what we think about architecture, because digital media is not only changing the relationship between us, but they have changed the relationship between us and buildings.
Think for a second in those libraries of Lingridons.
If that building is built today, we first went to the Internet looking for "shared.
We would be bombarded with examples of experiment, of innovation, about what a library can be.
That's music.
Mancks that can lead to the mayor of Linvaries, the people of Linkedia, and tell them that there is no unique response to what a library is today.
We are part of this.
This abundance of solutions gives the freedom to experience.
It's all different now.
The architects are no longer those mysterious creatures that use great words and computer drawings, and you're not a support audience that doesn't accept something that doesn't see before.
The architects can listen to them, and you don't leave the architecture.
That means that the content of one style to another, from one movement to another, is irrelevant.
In fact, we can go ahead and find right solutions to the problems facing society.
This is the end of the history of architecture, and it means that tomorrow buildings will be very different to buildings today.
This means that a public space in the ancient city of September can be unique and adapted to the measure of a modern city.
So this means that a stadium in Brooklyn can be that, a stadium in Brooklyn, and not a bad historical imitation of red blood balloon based on ideas of what a stadium should be.
This means that some robots can build our buildings, because we finally will be ready for the ways that they're going to produce.
That means that buildings are advanced to the copies of nature and not the opposite.
This means that a parking garage in Mike Beach, Florida, can also serve to do sports or for a love, or even one can marry there at night.
This means that three architects can be soft with natural at the New York City in New York, and they raised half a million dollars of the community in the course of that cause, it's no longer a customer alone.
It means that no building is too small for innovation, like this little stone paper, as museums and fibers like the animals that are going to look like.
Because it doesn't matter whether it's a cow or a robot who builds our buildings.
It doesn't matter how we built, what matters is what we build.
The architects already know how to make buildings more ecological and more intelligent and more kind.
We've been waiting for everyone to want.
Finally, we're not on opposite sides.
And you find an architect, and you will try and work together to make better buildings, better cities, for a better world, because there's a lot of play.
Buildings not only reflect our society, but they give it way to the smallest spaces, the local libraries -- the homes where we form our children, and the step of the banking to the bathroom.
Thank you very much.
This is my niece, Steven.
I just took a year and he started walking.
And it makes it that great, typical of the kids from a year, antibiotics, as if their body was moving too fast for their legs.
It's totally accurate.
And one of the things that you want to do for the moment is to look at the mirror.
She really loves his reflection of it.
It goes down and it goes to himself, these big, strangers.
It's beautiful.
And all of your friends do this and my mom tells me that I used to do it, and it made me think, when about doing this?
How is it that we suddenly are not on our way?
Because apparently we don't like it.
Every month, 10,000 people looking at Google, "I'm fear?
This is Fall, it's 13 years old and lives in Dennett.
And as any teenager -- it just wants to be wanted to be wanted to be wanted to get up.
It's Sunday at night.
It's preparing for next week in school.
It has a little bit of fear, it's a little bit confused because even though his mom tells him all the rest of it is beautiful, every day in school, someone tells him that it's ugly.
And what his mom tells you and what his friends tell you, or fellow of school tell you, doesn't know who I believe.
So you make a video of it, put it in YouTube, and ask others to please leave a computer, "I'm nice or I'm fear?
Well, until now, Darwin has received over 13,000 comments.
Some of these are so disgusting that I don't even deserve the belief to think about them.
We talk about a healthy teenager, normal and correction, who received these answers in one of the stages of their most vulnerable life emergency.
Thousands of people are putting videos like this, mostly teenage girls trying to communicate this way.
But what is it going to do this?
Well, the teenagers today are almost never alone.
They are under pressure of being online and available all the time, talking, cooking, given like, "I like to eat, shared, published, this never ends.
We've never been so connected before.
As a mother said to me, "It's like there's a party in his room every night ...
There's simply no privacy.
And the social pressures that go from the hand with that are improving.
This environment, of being always connected, is attached to our children to self-sexual self-esteem in the number of "I like it, and the kinds of comments they get.
There is no division between a life in line and real life.
It's really hard to know the differences between what is real or what isn't.
And also, it's very hard to know the difference between what is authentic and what is manipulated digitally.
What is the most scary thing in someone's life in front of what is normal in a daily context?
And where are you looking for inspiration?
Well, you can see the kinds of images that are standing from girls right now.
The market shows continue to dominate our passengers.
The technical technique is now a routine now.
And tools like officers, anti-controller officers and Alabama.
For those of us that we want it, Iran means translation.
These trends are associated with women in popular culture today.
It's not hard to see what young people are.
But kids are not immune to this.
Like the supermarket stars of the sports and the short sandwiches.
But what is the problem with all this?
Well, we certainly want our children to grow healthy and be very collapsed individuals.
But in a culture obsessed by the image, we're teaching our children to spend more time and the mental effort to their appearance, the price of all the other aspects of their identity.
Things like their relationships, the development of their physical skills, their studies and other aspects begin to survive.
Six in 10 girls prefer not to do something because they think they don't see nice enough.
These are not trivial activities.
They're fundamental activities for their growth as human beings, and as a contribution to society and the labor development camp.
TED percent, almost one of three teenagers are not interested in class, they avoid participating in the classroom because they don't want to call the attention for their physical appearance.
One in five are not confined to class at all.
And in the exhibition season, if you don't think you see you even good enough if you don't think you're nervous enough, you get a lower note at the average of your fellow who don't worry about that of the appearance.
And this phenomenon has been generated in Finally, United States and China.
And it goes ahead of what they actually weigh these young people.
So for it to be clear, we're talking about how you see you, not how you really are.
The low self-esteem on your body is delivering academic performance.
And it's also dealing with health.
The teenage time teenagers are doing less physical activity, they eat less fruits and vegetables, they participate in more not healthy diet than they can take them to a food mess.
They have low self-esteem.
They're more easily influenced by people who are attached and they're in greater risk of depression.
And we think this is all about what they make more advanced decisions like connection and drugs, dramatic diabetes, aesthetic freedom, sex relationships to early ages and no protection and contact damage.
The search for the perfect body is preparing the health system, and our government costs billions of dollars every year.
And we're not controlling it.
Women who think they have support again, regardless of whether they have or have no greater rates of return.
17 percent of women are not presented to a job interview in a day where they don't feel safe with the way they see.
Think for a moment what this is doing to our economy.
If we could overcome this, what would be that opportunity?
This potential is about interest for each of us.
But how do we do that?
Well, talking, for itself, doesn't take you very far.
Not enough.
If you really want to change things, you have to do something.
And we've learned that there are three key forms -- the first one is that we have to trust trust in their own body.
We need to help our teens develop strategies to overcome the pressure of perfect images and build their self-esteem.
The good news is that there are many programs available to do it.
The bad news is that most of these don't work.
I was very surprised when I learned that many well-intentioned programs, without realizing the situation.
So we need to make sure that the program to follow our children will not only have a positive impact but also a lasting impact.
And research studies show that the best programs are focused on six key areas, the first one is the influence of family, friends and relationships.
These six aspects are price points for anyone willing to provide an education in body self-esteem that works.
An education is fundamental but facing this problem requires each of us that we take the teeth in the issue, and we are a better model to follow for women and girls in our own lives.
It's going to be the current status of how women are seen and mentioned in our circles.
It's not good to tell the advantage of our politicians in the weight of hair or the size of their chest, or the size of the detection or the success of an Olympic athlete depends on the fact that it's not a great beauty of beauty.
We need to start judging people for what they are, not because they see them.
All of us can begin to make responsibility for the kinds of images and comments that we published in our social networks.
We can choose people based on their effort and their actions and not in their appearance.
And let me ask you, when did it be the last time you get a scale?
In short, we have to work together as communities, as governments and as businesses, to really change our culture, so that our children will grow out to value their entire person, value the individuality, the diversity.
We need to put people who are actually making the difference in a person.
And by making a difference in the real world, we make them be the ones who come out on the big screen, because only we create a different world.
One world where our children are free to become the best version of themselves, where the way they think they see is never the challenges of being who they are, or to reach out what they want in their lives.
Think what this can mean for someone in their lives.
Who have you in mind?
Your wife ...
At his sister?
Does your son?
Do you save your friend?
Could it be just the woman who is at two seats of distance, what would it mean to be released from that frozen voice in its interior, that would be surrounded by not having long legs -- a more thin slide, a more flat slide, feet.
What would it mean for it if we overcome this and we were going to be able to give it back to their potential in that way?
Right now, the obsession of our culture with images is giving us all of us.
But let's teach our kids the truth.
They take the way that the way you see is just one part of your identity, and that the truth is that we love them for those who are and why they do, and because they make us feel it.
We use self-esteem in the corners of our schools.
We change each of us, the way we talk about and we compare to other people.
And we worked together as a community, from small groups to governments, so that the small tools of a year of age today will become agents of safe change in itself.
Let's do it.
On November five of 1990, a gentleman called Elizabeth Anderson came into a hotel in Manhattan and killed the Arab Mexican Kandan, the leader of the Department of Defense Sergio.
And they initially declared it innocent.
Luckily, those plans were frustrated by an informant of the FBI.
Sadly, the 1975 bomb in the World Trade Center couldn't be available.
More later it would be convicted by their participation in that attack.
Elizabeth is my father.
I was born in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania, in 1983, being he an Egyptian engineer, with a American mother -- American school teacher teacher -- between the two made all the potential for giving a happy childhood.
Only when I was seven years old, our family started to change.
My father taught me a form of Islam, which very few -- even most Muslims get to know.
For example, I saw that when people take time to interact -- it doesn't require a lot to get to want the same things in life.
However, in all religion, in every human group, there is always a small fraction of people who are so close to their convictions that think they have to use all the potential media to live like them.
A few months before he and he sat with me and explained that in the last few weeks of week, he and some friends had been going to train training in Long Island, to practice it.
He told me that I was going with him the next day.
We got to the Dutch Dutch palm that, without knowing our group, was raped by the FBI.
When I took my tour, my father helped me to hold the ice in the shoulder, and I explained how to take a target at about 30 feet.
That day, with the last bullet that I shot down to the little orange light on the goal, and to surprise all of us, especially me, all the goal in flames.
My uncle went back to the other and in Arabic, he said, "The Olympic.
From such a parent, such a child.
All of the commentary gave them a lot of laughter, but only a few years later, I understood what they were so funny.
They saw in me, the same level of destruction that my father could cause me.
Those people later would be convicted of putting a standard standard with 700 pounds of explosives in the underground parking of the World Trade Center from the World Trade Center, causing a explosion that killed six people and smell to another 1,000.
I admired those men.
I called them "The Height who means young.
When I turned 19, I had moved 20 times. That instability during my childhood didn't allow me to do a lot of friends.
Every time I started feeling comfortable about somebody was already time to start and go to another city.
As it was always the new face of the class in frequency it was a material victim.
Secure secret my identity to avoid being the white, but it will be the new of the class, silence and record, was enough money.
So most of the time I spent it at home reading books, watching television or playing games.
For these reasons we didn't develop social skills, to say substance. Because growing under fast, I wasn't prepared for the real world.
I was educated to judge people, based on arbitrary individuals, like their race or their religion.
So how could I open the eyes?
One of the first experiences that I put to test my way of thinking was during the presidential elections.
I was a predicting program where they participate in the National Consensus, in Philadelphia.
My group is focused on the issue of juvenile violence, like I had been victims of killing most of my life, was something I felt a lot of passion.
The members of this group came from various protections.
One day, towards the end of the convention, I discovered that one of the kids who had been friendly -- was Jewish with me.
I took several days to go out to the light this detail and realized that there was no anti-appearance between the two.
I never had a Jewish friend and frankly, I was very proud to be able to get the barrier that all life had made me believe that it was interconnected.
Another crucial moment emerged when I got a summer work in Boston Garden, a distribution park.
I met people of all kinds of beliefs and cultures, that experience was fundamental in the development of my character.
All of life had taught me that the hunger was a sin and for extension, all the men were bad influence.
By contrast, I had the opportunity to work with gay actors there, in a show, and I could see that several of them were the most expensive and less critical that I had seen in life.
It would be a child, developed a sense of empathy to the suffering of others, but it wasn't easy to be treated to treat people, exactly the way I would have wanted to be treated.
So that feeling I could control the stereotypes that had taught me of child, with the experience of interaction in real life.
I don't know what it is to be honest, but I know what is being judged by something beyond my control.
Then the "Drawn Shainha.
Every night, Jon Stewart made me become intellectual honest about my interpretations, and helped me see that the race of people, religion or sexual orientation, they have nothing to do with character.
In many ways, he became my favorite figure, at a time when I was desperately necessary.
In fact, inspiration can come from unexpected -- and that a Jewish committee would have had a better influence in my life than my own father, extreme father, was not in the leave.
One day I had a conversation with my mother about how I was changing my way to think, and she told me something that I would hold on my heart forever, while he's alive.
She looked at me with the eyes tired of someone who has suffered enough with dancing interconnectedness, and he said, "I'm tired of hate it."
And at that point, I realized how much negative energy you need to keep all that hate in your inside.
My real name is not Mark Erisphon.
I changed it when my family decided to break the relationship with my father and start a new life.
So why decided to go out and put in a possible risk?
Well, it's simple.
I've done it because I hope somebody else is about bringing violence, I can hear my story and understand that there is a better way.
On the contrary, I decided to use my experience to fight terrorism and against preparations.
I do it for the victims of terrorism and for their loved ones, for the terrible pain and the losses that terrorism has produced them in their lives.
For the victims of terrorism talking, against those and no sense, as I reject my father's actions.
So with this simplicity, I'm taught here as a proof that violence is not inherent to any religion or race -- that children don't have to follow the paths of their parents.
I'm not my father.
Thank you.  Thank you.  Thank you.  Thank you very much.
At this moment, there's a film that was projected in their minds.
It's an amazing multiple film.
It's at 3D, and it has a funny sound of what you hear and see right now. But that's just the beginning.
Your film has a strand, taste and texture.
You feel your body, your pain, your hunger, your pleasure.
It has emotions and crashes and happiness.
It has memories, as a moment of your childhood that you project in your eyes.
And it has constant voice in your flow of conscious thinking.
The heart of the movie are you who experience everything in danger.
This film is your flow of consciousness, the subject of the experience of the mind and the world.
Consciousness is one of the fundamental truths of the existence of human being.
Each of us is conscious.
We all have an internal film, you, you and you.
There's nothing we know more directly.
At least, I know I have a own consciousness.
I have no certainty that you are aware of.
Consciousness is also the reason to live.
If we were not, nothing in our lives would have sense or value.
But at the same time it's the most mysterious phenomenon of the universe.
Why are we conscious?
Why do we have these internal films, right?
Why are we not just robots that we process what we need to produce in order to produce outcomes without experiencing the internal film.
Right now, nobody knows the answers to those questions.
Except to integrate consciousness to science, you need some radical ideas.
Some people say it's impossible to be a science of consciousness.
Science for nature, for nature, is target.
Consciousness, for nature, is subjective at all.
So there's never been a science of consciousness.
Because for almost every year 20th century, you put that vision.
psychology was studying original behavior, neuroscience studied the original brain, but never nobody mentioned consciousness.
Even 30 years ago, when TED started, there were very few scientific jobs about consciousness.
Then, 20 years ago, everything started to change.
William like Francis Critic and physicists like Roger Paul said, "No one's time for science to be constantly.
And since then, there was a real explosion -- a flowering of scientific work about consciousness.
And this work was fantastic. It was great.
But it also has fundamental limitations to the moment.
The center of consciousness science in the recent years was the pursuit of correlations between some areas of the brain and some states of consciousness.
We saw something about this guy in the fantastic work that Nancy Karl was a few minutes ago.
We now understand much better, for example, the areas of the brain that are related to the conscious experience of seeing faces or to feel pain or to feel happy.
But this is still a strategy of correspondence.
It's not an explanation science.
We know that these areas of the brain are related to certain kinds of conscious experiences, but we don't know why.
I'd like to explain to you that this kind of work of neuroscience answers some questions that we want to explain the consciousness, the questions about what they make certain areas of the brain and what they are confused.
But in a sense, that's the easy problems.
No offense to the neuroscience.
There are actually no easy problems with consciousness.
Now, I don't tackle the real central mystery of this material, why does all physical process in the brain has to be accompanied by consciousness ...
Why is there an underground international film here?
At this point, we can't understand it.
And you can say, tell us a few years to neuroscience.
It is going to become another emergent phenomenon like the transportation, like horizontally, like life, and we're going to find explanation out.
The typical developments are all cases of emerging behaviors -- how they operate the drawings, how the horizons work, how the horizons work, how they reproduce, they adapt and drive living organisms. They're all questions about the objective work.
That could be applied to the human brain to explain some behaviors and the functions of the human brain as an emerging phenomenon, how we walk, how we talk, how we talk, how we play chess -- all of these questions about behavior.
But when it's about consciousness, the questions about behavior are among the easy problems.
But the hard problem, is the question of why all behavior is accompanied with a subjective experience.
And here it is, the standard paradigm of the support, the standard paradigm of neuroscience, actually still doesn't have a lot to say.
I'm a heart scientific material.
I want a scientific theory of the authority that works. For a long time, I hit my head against the wall looking for a theory of consciousness in public terms that would work.
But finally I came to the conclusion that that didn't work for systematic reasons.
I think we're at this point.
We have a wonderful explanation, great. We used to this, the physics explains chemistry, chemistry explains biology, biology explains part of psychology.
But consciousness doesn't seem to fit on this scheme.
On the one hand, it's a fact that we are conscious.
We don't know how to fix that idea to our scientific vision of the world.
I think consciousness, right now, is a kind of an animal, something that we need to integrate to our view of the world, but we don't know how much it is.
With an anomaly like this, you can need radical ideas, I think we need ideas that at the beginning to look crazy, before we can deal with consciousness in a scientific way.
There are some possibilities for those crazy ideas.
My friend Dan Dennett, who's here today, has one.
Their crazy idea is that there is no hard problem of consciousness.
All the idea of the internal self-surface movie includes a kind of illusion or conflict.
Actually, what you need to do, is to explain the objective functions of the brain, and this is what everything needs to explain.
Well, more power for him.
That's the kind of radical idea that we need to explore if we want to have a theory of modern reduction consciousness, based on the brain.
At the same time, for me and for many others, that vision is pretty close to simply denied that the observation of consciousness is supporting.
But I go in a different direction.
At the time I go, I want to explore two crazy ideas that I think can be promise.
The first crazy idea is that consciousness is critical.
physicists sometimes take some aspects of the universe as fundamental laptops, space, time and mass.
Frontier laws that governments, like the laws of gravity or quantum mechanics.
These laws and fundamental properties.
Instead, they consider fundamental -- and there is the world.
Sometimes the list of the basics was advanced.
In the 19th century, the Miller discovered that you can't explain the electromagnetic phenomena in terms of fundamental concepts in terms of fundamental concepts -- space, time, mass, laws of Newton -- and I put the basic charge of the electronics, and put the electric charge as a fundamental concept that those government laws.
I think that's the situation that we find with consciousness.
If you can't explain consciousness in terms of fundamental ideas in terms of fundamental ideas -- space, time, mass, charge -- then by logic issues, you have to open the list.
The most natural thing is to publish consciousness as a fundamental thing, a fundamental heritage of nature.
This doesn't mean that suddenly it's not the object of science.
I was going to open the way to manage scientifically.
So what we need is to study the fundamental laws that govern the consciousness, the laws that connect awareness with other fundamental concepts -- the space, the time, the mass, the physical processes.
physicists sometimes say that we want fundamental laws so simple that we can put them into a date.
The situation of consciousness is something like this.
We want to find fundamental laws so simple that we can put them into a t-shirt.
We still don't know what laws are, but that's what we look for.
The second crazy idea is that consciousness can be universal.
Every system can have a degree of consciousness.
This vision is sometimes called the parasites, "People, for all of us, "former, for mind, every system is conscious, not only humans -- the dogs, the mice, the mouses, even the microbes of Rob King, the elementary particles.
Even a phenomenon has a degree of consciousness.
The idea is not that photons are smart or they think.
This is not that a sign can be full of angry, when you think of me, always travel at the speed of light.
I can never turn and smell the rocks.
No, so no.
But the thought is that maybe photons can have some element of compassion, subjective feeling -- some primitive preparation of consciousness.
This can sound a little crazy for you.
How do anyone think something so low?
So part of this comes from the first crazy idea, that consciousness is a fundamental thing.
If it's fundamental -- like space, time and mass, it's natural to assume that it can also be universal, like the others.
It also is worth noticing that although the idea seems information, it's much less for the people of different cultures, where the human mind seems more about nature.
One deeper reason comes from the idea that perhaps the simplest and powerful form of finding fundamental laws that relate to the thinking with the physical process, is to link awareness with information.
Whenever there are information processing, there's consciousness.
The process of complex information, like in a human being, complex consciousness.
In fact, simple information, simple consciousness.
Something very exciting is that in recent years, a neuroscience, Texas Teberist, took this kind of theory and development with mathematical methods.
It has a mathematical measure of information integration -- which is called the Lego, which measures the degree of information integrated in a system.
And it's supposed to do with consciousness.
So in a human brain, there's an incredible degree of information integration -- a high degree of air, a lot of consciousness.
In a mouse there is a degree of information integration -- as much as meaningful -- very important consciousness.
But when you get to the paradox, microbes, particles -- the door of the dog document.
The data integration level is less, but it's not zero either.
In Temple theory, there is still a level of different consent of zero.
It actually provides a fundamental law of consciousness, high degree of time, high of consciousness.
Moreover, another reason is that landscape can help us integrate consciousness to the physical world.
physicists and philosophers often have observed that physics is fundamentally abstract.
It describes the structure of reality using a lot of equations but it doesn't talk about the reality of the reality below.
As Stephen Harvard, "Where is the fire of the equations?
From the post-conflict vision, the equations of physics can be left as they are, but they can use to describe the flow of consciousness.
That's what physicists make basically described the flow of consciousness.
According to this vision, consciousness is the one that puts it in the equation.
In that vision, consciousness is not out of the physical world as a kind of advertising.
It's right there in the center.
This vision, I think, the cardiovascular vision, has the potential to transform our relationship with nature, and it can have social consequences and pretty serious ethical issues.
Some can be illegal.
I used to think that I shouldn't eat anything that I had consciousness, so I had to be vegetarian.
If you're a paper and you accept that vision, you'll have a lot of hungry.
I think that we think about it, this tends to transform your vision, while what matters in ethical terms and moral consent, is not so much the fact of consciousness, but its importance and its complexity.
It's also natural to ask for consciousness in other systems, like computers.
What about the artificial intelligence system in Sarah in the "sentence."
Is it conscious?
According to the vision of paralyzed information, she has a complicated information process, integrated so that the answer is yes, if it's conscious.
If this is right, you have pretty serious ethical problems about the power of development of intelligent computers and the ethics of getting up.
Finally, you can ask for the consciousness of complete collective collectors, the planet.
Does its own consciousness.
Or at a more local level, an integrated group, like the audience in a TED Talk, we have a TED collective consciousness, an internal film for this entire TED group, different from internal movies in each of the parts?
I don't know the answer to that question, but I think at least is a question that has to take seriously.
So this paralyzed view is a radical vision, and I don't know if it's right.
I'm actually safer about the first crazy idea, that consciousness is a fundamental thing, that the second of the second, that it's universal.
The vision raises many questions, a lot of challenges, like how those little bits of thinking contribute to the kind of complex consciousness we know and love it.
If we can answer those questions, then I think we go on the right way towards a serious consciousness theory.
If not, well, probably this is the hardest problem of science and philosophy.
We can't wait to solve it from night to the morning.
But I think we're finally going to find it out.
Understanding consciousness is the real key thing, I think, to understand the universe and to understand ourselves.
Maybe we need the right crazy idea.
Thank you.
I grew up in a small rural town in Virginia.
I had a very normal profile.
I went to school, I was scared with my friends, I filmed with my younger sisters.
Everything was very normal.
And when I was 15 years old, a member of my community came to my parents because I wanted to negotiate for a community prize.
And my parents said, "Well, that's very nice, but there is a proper problem.
She doesn't have any of you --  And they were right.
I went to school, I had good grades. After school, I had a low profile on my mother, and I spent a lot of time looking at the series "The Terrible Spring, and "The Spontaneous Cross.
Yeah, I know. What contractional thing.
But they were right.
I did nothing that was extraordinary at all.
Nothing that can consider as a achievement if we take the disability outside the equation.
Years later, I would be in the second part of the teaching in a high school of Meli, just after about 20 minutes in the 11 minutes in the 11 of a young studies, a guy raised his hand and said, "Hey, when you give your discovery."
And I said, "What did I do?"
Well, I had been talking about the law of discovery for a good 20 minutes.
And he said, "You know, your motivation speech.
When people in wheelchair, they talk about inspirational things in school?
"The general general, in the access room.
And it was then when I realized, this boy had had experiences with people with disability like inspiration objects.
And we're not. And it's not a blame of the man, this is true for many of us.
For us, people with disability are not our teachers or our doctors or our marriage.
We're not real people. We're there to inspire them.
And in fact, I'm on this stage like what I do in this wheelchair and probably you're waiting for me to inspire them. Right?  Yeah.
Well, ladies and gentlemen, I'm afraid of distributed disconnected.
I'm not here to inspire you.
I'm here to tell you that you've been mind in relation to disability.
Yes, you've got the lie that disability is Something Water.
It's bad and living with a disability makes you remarkable.
It's not bad and it doesn't make it exciting.
And over the last few years, we've been able to spread even more this lie through social media.
You may have seen images like this, "The only disability in life is a bad attitude.
Or this one another, "The excuse is invented."
Or this one, "Well, of leaving, intervene."
These are just a couple of examples, but there's a huge amount of them.
You may have seen one of the girl without hands by drawing with a pink pencil by the mouth.
You may have seen a child who runs with organic legs of carbon fiber.
And there's a lot of these images, which is what we call a dead inspiration.
And I use the term to progress that which is progressing by a group of people for the benefit of another group of people.
So in this case, we made the disability in benefit from people without disability.
The purpose of these images is to be inspired by invisible, and so we can see them and think, "Well, for very bad that it's my life, it could be worse.
I could be that person?
But what if you're that person?
I've lost the point of the number of times that have been stretched with strange wanting to express that they think I'm courageous or an inspiration source, and this happens before my work had a public profile.
It was like I was worried to get me on the morning and remember my own name.  And this is completely completely.
These images, those images to communicate people with disability in the benefit of people without disability.
They're there so you can see them and think that things are not so bad for you, or to put their concerns in perspective.
And life as a disabled person is actually something difficult.
Let's take some things.
But the things that we overcome are not the things you can think about.
They're not relative to our bodies.
I use the term "meeting discovery, depressed because I'm amazed by the social model of disability that tells us that we are more disability because of the society we live than because of our bodies or diagnosis.
So I've lived in this body for a long time.
I'm very pleased with him.
It makes things that I need to do, and I've learned how to get the best of their ability as well as you do, and that's what happens with the kids of those pictures as well.
They're not doing anything out of the common.
They're just using their bodies to make the best of their ability.
So is it really fair to celebrate them in the way we do, when we share those images.
When people say, "You know, a source of inspiration says it as a contract.
And I know why it happens.
It's because of the lying, because we've sold this feeling that disability makes us extraordinary.
And honestly, it doesn't do.
And I know what you're thinking.
I'm here to break the inspiration and you think, "My God, Steven, you're not sometimes inspired by something?
And actually, I know I am.
I learned from other people with disability at all time.
However, I don't learn that I'm more fortunate than them.
And I learned that it's a great idea to use a great idea to pick up the things that I fell in.  I learned the infinite trick of how to charge the battery of the mobile phone on the chair of the chair.
Great.
We learn from the force and resistance of others, not against our bodies and our digital, but against a world that exclusive and converting us.
I really believe that that lie.
It makes us hard life.
And that quote, "The only disability in life is a bad attitude, the reason that that is lie is because it's not true, because of the social model of disability.
A lot of smiles in the ground of stages has never done that it becomes a romance.
   Saligator on a television screen will not appear for the sub-Saharan people.
Not a lot of people in the middle of a bookstore and bringing a positive attitude to turn all those books into the arms.
It's just not going to happen.
I really want to live in a world where disability is not the exception, but the norm.
I want to live where a 15 year-old girl, sitting in his bedroom watching "The Vancouver School, not considered any of anything to be in a chair.
I want to live in a world where we don't have so low expectations of people with disability that we're happy to get rid of the bed and remember our names in the morning.
I want to live in a world where we value the genes of people with disability -- and I want to live in a world where a 11-year-old boy in a high school in Meli is not a little surprising that his new teacher is a wheelchair using a wheelchair.
The disability doesn't make us surprise, but it tells you what you think to know about what you do.
Thank you.
What do you have to see the augmented reality and the professional football with the empathy?
And what's the average speed of a player without charge?
Unfortunately, today I just answer one of those questions, so please don't get disappeared.
When people think about an increased reality, think about "Minority Kenya, and in Tom Cruise to take the hands in the air, but the augmented reality is not science fiction.
The augmented reality is something that happens in our days and happens because we have the tools for it, and people need to know that, because the reality will increase our lives as much as the Internet and mobile phones.
So how do we get to the increased reality?
The first step, is what I took on, the Google Glass, the Google Genes.
I'm sure many are familiar with them.
What you might not know is that Google Gates are a device that allows them to see what I see.
I'll let them experience what is a professional department in the field.
Right now, the only way to be in the field is that I try to describe them.
I have to use words.
I have to create a framework that you will fill with your imagination.
We can use the Google Glass, under a helmet and know what is running by the game of play to 100 miles, the blood hit the ears.
We can know that it feels like a 1970s man let us try and tell us with all its being.
I've been there and I assure you that it's not nice.
It takes some videos to show you what Google genes use under the helmet and give them a sense of that.
Unfortunately, it's not images of the NGOs practice, because the idea of the NSA of emerging technology is a surveillance to the surface, but we do what we can.
So let's see a video.
Chris Kelly, OK.
It's horrible to be post-conflict.
A moment. We came up with a little bit.
Are you?
Go!
Chris Kepler, as you can see, is a tragedy of what's going to be possible in the football field, from the perspective.
You'll notice that you lack people, the rest of the team.
We have a video of them, cut from the University of Washington.
Marine Fishery, Moorers 57, Matthew 50.
Girl eight, Blue 8. Go!
Chris Kelly" -- this is a little bit more to feeling in the field, but it has nothing to do with being in the NSA.
The fans want that experience.
The fans want to be in the field, being their favorite players, and they've asked me in YouTube and Twitter -- "You can see from the angle of a field market.
He was a corner.
We want to experience that?
Once we have that experience with Galan and Google Glass, how do we get in film, how do we take it to the next level.
We took it to that level using something called Ocean Richard, which certainly many of you know.
The Richard Ross has been described as the most realistic virtual reality device ever created, and it's not a cheap paradigm.
And I'm going to show you why, with this video.
Man: Oh, oh.
No, no, no, no, I don't want to keep playing. No.
Oh, my God, Oh.
CA: That's the experience of a man in a Russian mountain for his life.
What will be the experience of a hand when we recorded a video of Albert Peter to cross the line, decorate from a pick with the arm before we run and make an antibiotic? What will be the experience of a face.
When it could be Mombis running through the card, he would launch the bat at the bottom of the network, or Ford to make a laser in Window."
What will be your experience when he passed out of a mountain to over 100 miles as an Olympic skeleton?
Maybe you can increase the sales of adults for adults.
But this is not yet increasing.
It's just virtual reality.
How do we get the augmented reality? RB:
We will take the augmented reality when the computers, the ones and the owners see the information that people want to see and think, "How do we use this to improve our teams?
How do we use it to earn the path?
Because they always use technology to win.
They like to win. It gives you money.
So here's a brief report about technology in the NSA.
In 1965, the Balkan Ports put a wrist to their field marine to play faster.
They won the Super Bowl that year.
Other teams decided to prepare them.
More people saw the party because it was more exciting, faster.
In 1994, the NSA puts radio in the songs of the field markets and then in the defenses.
They had more viewers because it was faster, more entertaining.
In 2013, imagine that you're a player to go back to your group and you see his next game showing in front of you, in a plastic video that you get on. You wouldn't have to worry about forget a game.
Or by making the strategy.
They just go out to the field and react.
And the coaches do want it because if they don't follow their instructions, they lose particles, and they hate the parties.
If you lose parties you get away as a training.
And they don't want that.
But the augmented reality is not just a manipulation of better strategies.
The augmented reality is also a way to collect information and use it in real time to improve your way to play the boat.
How would you do?
Well, a very simple option would be to have a camera in every corner of the stadium having a view from the top of the people who are down.
They also get information from the sensors of the helmet and the accidents, something that's already working on.
And all that information is sent to your players.
The good teams will be sending.
The bad ones will have information supply.
This is the good teams of bad equipment.
So your computer team will be as important as your records, and the data analysis will stop being just for neither.
Is it going to be for sports. Who would have imagined it?
How would it be in the future?
Imagine that you're the field of field.
They get the blog and stop.
We look for an open receiver -- suddenly a punishment on the left side of your vision is advanced that a defense behind you are going to attack you, normally, you won't see it, but the U.K. system is advanced.
They go to the protection area.
Another flag tells you that there's an open receptor.
Go down the balloon, but you will give you away.
And the bullet loses the trajectory.
You don't know where you land, yet the receiver sees in your video an area of grass that gets lit and you can modify the career.
It gets appropriately, caught the balloon, running and anger.
The public advanced and fans have followed the play from every angle.
This is something that creates a massive emotion on the boat.
I have lots of people to see it, because people want to live that experience.
The fans want to be in the field.
They want to be your favorite player.
The augmented reality will be part of the sports because it's too profitable to not be.
But what I ask you is, we want this to be the only use of relationship relationship?
Are we going to use just as bread and circus like our usual entrepreneurship?
Because I think we can use it for something else.
I think we can use the augmented reality to foster the empathy between human beings, to show someone how it is, literally, to be in another person's place.
We know what this technology is worth for sports lines.
It billions of income per year.
But how much is this technology for a teacher in the classroom trying to show a antibody how painful their actions are the access of the victim?
How much is this technology for a gay in Uganda or Russia trying to show the world how to look like perfectly?
How much is it for a Harvard Hollywood or a Neil Deckmer Decks trying to inspire a generation of children to think more about space and science rather than transportation and Karlia.
Ladies and gentlemen, the augmented reality goes around.
The questions that we do, the decisions we take and the challenges that we face, depends on, as always, of us.
Thank you.
He recently refused me after 23 years of service in the Hitler, California Palestinia.
Most of those 23 years happened to me to paint the south end of the Controllar of Mars, which includes the Global Gate bridge.
The bridge is an iconic structure, known by its beautiful views of San Francisco, the Pacific Ocean.
Unfortunately, it's also a magnet for suicide, being one of the most used places in the world.
The Gates Gate Bridge was open in 1977.
Jim Stanford, chief engineers of building the bridge, said that, "The bridge is mostly to subject.
The suicide from the bridge is not practical nor prototype.
But from their openness, more than 1,000 people have saved their death from that bridge.
Some people believe that traveling between the two towers will take you to another dimension -- this bridge has been introduced as such, so that the each one of you will release you from all your concerns and pain, and the waters that go on to clean your soul.
But let me tell you that it happens when the bridge is used to commit suicide.
After one four to five seconds, the body corners against the water about 120 miles a hour.
The impact broke bone, some of those who pay vital organs.
Most of them die in the impact.
The ones that don't normally get rid of the water and then get together.
And I don't think that the ones that are connecting this method of suicide is realize the death mammal that they face.
This is the camera.
Except around the two towers, there are 32 inches of parallel steel on the bridge.
This is where most people are in order to take their life.
I can tell you for experience that once the person is on that edge, and at the most dark moment, it's very difficult to bring them back.
I took this picture last year while this young woman spoke with a official to keep his life.
I want to tell you with joy that we had success that day to bring back into the barrier.
When I started working on the bridge, we didn't have any formal training.
We stopped to channel the way through these calls.
This was not just a bad service to those who are contemplating suicide, but the officers as well.
We've traveled a long way since then.
Today, veterans and psychologists train new officials.
This is Jason Galapago.
I met him about 22 percent of June last year by receiving a call from a suicide subject sitting in the bottom near the center.
He said, and when I came back, I watched Jason talking to an official of the Gordon Gate bridge.
There was only 32 years old, and I had flown up here from New Jersey.
In fact, I had flown up to here two times before New Jersey to try and fall from this bridge.
After about a time about a time talking to James, he asked us if we knew the story of the Palestinian box.
I remember the Greek microscope, Zimbabwe created Paul, and he sent it to the Earth with a box, and he said, "No, never open that box.
Well, one day, curiosity could more than Pakistan, and she opened the box.
From she came out, pulses, and all kinds of evil against the man.
The only good thing in the box was hope.
So Jason asked us, "What if you open the box and there's no hope?
So a few instances, he went on on the right, and it was gone.
This amazing and smart man in New Jersey just took his life.
I talked to the parents of Jason that night, and I guess when I was talking to them, he didn't seem to be very good, because the next day, the family rabbi was called me to see how it was.
The parents of Jason had asked him.
The conventional damage of suicide affect a lot of people.
I put these questions, what would you do if a member of your family, a friend or someone loved it was superficial?
What would you say?
Do you know what to say?
In my experience, it doesn't only have to talk, but you have to listen to.
Listen to understand.
Don't argue, you know, or you tell the person you know how it feels because you probably don't know.
Just to be there, you can be the point of information you need.
If you think somebody is suicide -- you don't have fear of shooting and ask the question.
One way to ask you the question is, "Do you live in similar circumstances have thought about finishing your life, you've had these thoughts?
To get the person in front of it to save your life and be the point of inflection for them.
Other signs to look for, despair, believe that things are terrible and that they're never going to get better, Imagine, believe that there is nothing that you can do about it, social society, and a lost of interest in life.
I came up with this talk just a couple of days ago, and I got an email from a lady and I'd like to read your letter.
She lost his son 19 of this year, and he wrote this email just a couple of days ago, and it's with his permission and blessed that I read it.
"Dead, Kevin. I imagine you're at TED conference.
It should be a whole experience to be there.
I'm thinking that I should go to foot at this weekend.
I just wanted to leave a note.
I hope you can tell a lot of people and go home to talk about it to their friends who tell her friends, etc.
I'm still quite inspiring, but I noticed more moments to realize that Mike won't go home.
Mike was driving Sunday to San Francisco to see the part of the 49 with his father in January 19.
I never got there.
I came to the Polar Police and I reported it as disappeared that night.
The next morning, two sentences came to my house, and I was informed that the Mike car was down on the bridge.
A witness had seen him jump out from the bridge at 110 a.m. last day.
Thank you very much for fighting for those who can be taken too much weak to fight for themselves.
Who has not been before without suffering a real mental disease.
It shouldn't be so easy to end with it.
My prayers are with your struggle.
The GPS, the Gates Gordon Bridge is supposed to be a passage through our beautiful bay.
Good luck this week, Army.
I can't imagine the value that she needs to go to the bridge and go back the way that his son took that day, and also the courage to go forward.
I'd like to introduce you to a man that I mean with hope and value.
On March 11 of 2005, I responded to a radio call for a possible subject of suicide on the top of the bridge near the north tower of the north.
I put my cup through the sidewalk, and I looked at this man, Kero Berron, standing in the sidewalk,
When he looked at me, I crossed immediately, and he stopped in that little tube that goes around the tower.
Over the time and a half after, I heard like Kevin talked about their depression and despair.
Kevin decided that the day will come back to that lane and give life another opportunity.
When Kevin came back, the happiness.
"This is a new start, a new life."
But I asked him, "What was it that made it go back and give hope and life another opportunity?
And you know what he told me?
He said, "You hear it.
I let me talk and just listen to it.
Shortly after that incident, I got a letter from the Mars mother, and I have that letter with me, and I would like to be little little lines.
"Dear Mr. Bronx." Nothing will erase the 1960s of March 11, and you are one of the reasons why Kenya comes with us.
Honestly, I think Kevin was crying for help.
It's been diagnosed with a mental illness for which it has been properly medication.
I invited Kevin when I was only six months, completely unexpected from all those hormones -- but thanks to God, we now know it.
Kevin is in order, as you say.
We give God for you.
It's based on you, Narrator: Benjamin.
And at the end she wrote, "I know when I visited the General hospital of San Francisco that night, you would feel like the patient.
"I said I had to solve it."
Respect is a curious and active father of society.
He spoke openly about the events of that day and their depression with hope that their story inspired others.
The suicide is not just something I've found on work.
It's personal.
My grandfather sat with poison.
That act, despite finishing his own pain, I broke the opportunity to meet.
This is what the suicide does.
For most of the suicide people, or those who consider suicide, they didn't think about blaming another person.
They just want their own pain to end.
Usually this is just about three ways, sleep, drugs or alcohol or death.
In my career, I have responded and I've been involved in hundreds of mental illness and suicide calls around the bridge.
Of those incidents that I've been directly involved -- I've just lost two, but those two are too much.
One was James.
The other one was a man who talked about about a hour.
During that time, I broke my hand in three times.
On the final short, I looked at me, and he said, "Look, I'm sorry, but I have to go."
And I jumped out.
Appreasing, absolutely horrible.
I want to tell you, though, that the vast majority of people that we get to contact in that bridge is not alone.
Also, those few people who have jumped out of the bridge and live and that you can talk about it, that one one or two, most of those people have said that at the second that they left from side, the barrier realized they had made a mistake and wanted to live.
I tell people, the bridge not only connected Mars with San Francisco, but also people.
That connection, or bridge we do, is something that all and every one of us should be working for doing.
The suicide can be produced.
There's help. There's hope.
Thank you very much.
The world makes you know what you're not, but in your inside you know what you are, and a question makes you, how do you become that?
I should be something unique in that sense, but I'm not alone -- I'm not alone.
When I became a model I felt I finally made the dream I had ever had from child.
My outside finally ran with my inner truth with me.
For complicated reasons, which I'm talking about later when I look at this picture I think, you put it George, you get it, you get it.
But the October last day, I discovered that, again, I'm starting to go.
We all have our families, our religion, our society, our moment in history, even our bodies.
Some of you have the value to release them, to get rid of the limitations tax by the color of skin or for the beliefs of those who surround us.
These are people who always challenge the status quo -- what you consider to achieve.
In my case, the last nine years, a lot of my neighbors, a lot of my friends, my agent, including my story.
I think this field is called reverse.
This is the mine.
They recorded me like "I am born because of the appearance of my genius.
I remember my five years in the Philippines, in my house, I was always wearing this t-shirt in my head.
And my mom asked me, "Why do you always take that t-shirt in your head?
I said, "Mom, it's my hair. I'm a girl.
I knew then how to control.
The gender has always considered an amazing fact, but we now know that, really, it's a more complex and mysterious thing.
Because of my success, I never dare to share my story, not because I thought it will be what I'm being wrong, but why the world is treated to those of us who want to liberate them.
Every day I add to be a woman.
I have my mom, father and a family who accepted me as I am.
Many are not so lucky.
There's a long tradition in the Asian culture that celebrates the mystery of gender.
There's a Buddhist goddess of compassion.
There's a Hindu goddess of the homeless.
And when I was eight years old, I was in a party in the First Photoshops that celebrate these mysteries of mine.
I was standing in front of the stage, and I remember that this beautiful woman came up to me, and I remember that moment as if something was going to me. This is the kind of woman I wanted to be.
And when I was 15 years old, when I was still a man, I knew this woman called TV.
It's the director of a transparent beauty.
That night she said, "Why haven't you involved in the beauty company?
He told me that if I participated she would fall out of the antenna and the verb, and that night, she won in the bathroom brown, and she was born in the garden travel, and he was third end between over 40 candidates.
That moment changed my life.
Suddenly, it was within the world of beauty regions.
Not a lot of people can say that their first job was from beauty of beautiful women, but I can.
I also met the goddess of the disabilities, especially when we traveled to the remote providers.
But more importantly, I met my best friends in that community.
In 2001, my mom who had moved to San Francisco, was called me and told me that I was able to appreciate my set of green card that I could go to the United States.
I was laughing.
I said to my mother, "I am distributed to me.
I'm here with friends, I like to travel and be a beauty of beauty.
But then, two weeks later, he called me and said, "You know if you move to the United States you can change your name and identity of gender?
It was all I needed to hear.
My mom suggested me to put two feet to my name.
She also came up with me when I stood in Thailand at the age of 19, actually.
It's curious that in some of the most rural cities in Thailand actually perform the most prestigious surgeries and sophisticated and secure.
At that time in the United States, it was necessary to do the surgery before changing the name and the gender.
So in 2001, I went to San Francisco, and I remember looking at the license license with the Google name and the "Oh, of female gender.
It was a great moment.
For some people, their identity document means to be able to drive or could get a press, but for me it was the license to live, to feel dog.
Suddenly, my fears were monitoring me.
I felt that I could drive my dream and move to New York, and be model.
Many are not so lucky.
I think of this woman named Adam Newtonians.
A young woman in New York that handled lived his truth, but he would wake up end to his life.
For many of my community, that's the reality that they live.
Our suicide rate are eight times higher than the rest of the population.
Every 20 of November, we make a global victory by the Day Consensus of the transitions.
I'm on this stage thanks to a long history of people who fought and stood in front of the injustice.
These are Mars Port Johnson and Sylvia Rome.
Today, right now, I'm coming out of the closet.
I can't keep living my truth alone and just for me.
I want to do the best to help others live their truth without shame.
I'm here, exploring, so that some day there is no longer anymore.
My deeper truth took me to accept what I am.
Will you do that?
Thank you very much.
Thank you, thank you, thank you.  Ken Schorage, Google, a quick question.
Good Robert, of course. You see, first, thank all my benefits.
I used to support my parents, my parents especially to my family, which is very strong.
I remember all the times I have led to young women, who I've obsessed, and sometimes when they called me and told me that their parents could not accept me, I took the phone -- I was able to call my mom and said, "Mom, you can call this woman?
Sometimes it worked. Another one. It's just gender identity, that's what is in the center of what we are, right?
That is, everybody gets us a gender in the born, and what I try to do is put on the table the subject that sometimes that antibody sentence -- and that there should be a space that will allow people to allow the original people, and this is a conversation that we should have with parents, with colleagues.
The movement movement is involved compared to the gay movement.
There's still a lot of work to do.
It should have understanding.
There should be space for curiosity and to ask questions, and I hope you all are my allies.
KS: Thank you. Thank you. GG: Thank you.
In many post-conflict and tribal societies, the parents often know about their children, but I'm one of the few parents who are known for her daughter and I'm proud of it.
Marine started his campaign for education defending his rights in 2007, and when he was honest his efforts in 2011, as he was aware of the Human National Prize of peace, he made a very famous girl in his country.
Before that, I was my daughter, but now I'm his father.
Ladies and gentlemen, if we take a look at the history of humanity, women's history is the history of intellectual, of inequality, from violence and exploration.
You see, in parallel societies, just from the beginning of the beginning, when a child, his birth is not celebrated.
It's not relevant, not for his father, not for his mother.
The neighborhood comes up to the mother and no happiness to the father.
And a mother was overwhelmed by having a girl.
When I give birth to the first child, the first daughter, it gets sad.
When I give birth to the second daughter, it was connected, and with the hope of a child, when he took his third daughter, it feels guilty as a crime.
Not only the mother suffer -- but the daughter -- the daughter is newborn when it grows up, suffer as well.
At the age of five, when I should go to school, it stays at home and school adopted his brothers together.
At the age of 12 years, somehow it has a good life.
You can be fun.
You can play with your friends on the street, and you can move through the streets like a butterfly.
But when it comes into the teenager, when it comes to 13 years old, it was promised to come out of his house without a male accident.
He's confined to the four walls of his house.
It's no longer a free person.
It becomes the honor of his father and his brothers and his family, and if they carried the code of that country honest, it could even kill it.
And it's interesting that this course of honor code, not only affect a person's life, also affects the life of the male members of the family.
So this brother would sacrifice the joy of his life and the happiness of his sisters in behalf of honest consumption.
And there's a norm more than psychiatric societies called a neuroscientist.
A good girl must be very closed, very humble and very solid.
It's the critical.
The good girl model must be carbon.
It is supposed to be silent and accepted the decisions of their father and his mother and the decisions of the elderly even if it doesn't want to.
If the house with a man who doesn't like or if the house with an old man, he has to accept it, because he doesn't want to be a decrease talent.
If the very young house has to accept it.
Otherwise, I call it deformation.
And what happens to the end?
In the words of a poetry, "The House, the attention, and then gives birth to more children and daughters.
And the irony of the situation is that this mother, sustainable the same lesson for his daughter and the same time to honor his children.
And this vicious circle continues to continue.
I was brothers and sisters when Malaria was born, and for the first time, I think, I don't like the newly broken ladies, to be honest, but when I was there and looked at his eyes, believe me, I felt extremely honored.
And so much before it was born, I thought about his name, and he was fascinated with a legitimate fight of freedom in Afghanistan.
His name was Maltisco of Martin, and I called my daughter so for her.
But when I left, everyone was men, and I opened my board, and I took a line of my name, and I wrote, "Look.
And when she grew up, when she was four and a half and a half and a half and a half and a half and a half and a half and a half and a half and a half and a half and a half and a half and a half and a half and a half and a half and a half and a half and a half years
And you know, why should I mention a girl administration in a school?
Yes, I have to mention it.
You can give it for granted in Canada, in the United States, in many developed countries, but in poor countries, in the post-conflict societies, in tribal societies, is a great event for a child life.
In fact, in a school means the recognition of their identity and his name.
A school admire means that it's entered the world of dreams and the aspirations where they can explore their potential for their future life.
I have five sisters, and none of them could go to school, and they would be surprised, two weeks before, when he was following the formation of head cancer, and I was in the relative part of the family, I couldn't remember the entire ones of some of my sisters.
And the reason was that I had never seen my sisters.
That was the reason why I value my daughter.
What my father could not give my sisters to his daughters or their daughters, I thought I had to change it.
I used to appreciate the intelligence and the wisdom of my daughter.
I managed to sit with me when my friends came to see.
The animation to go with me with different meetings.
And all of these values, I've tried to argue in their personality.
And this was not just for her, just for Malahabara.
I have invited all these good values in my school to girls and boys alike.
You use education for the prevalence.
I taught my daughters, I taught students, forget the lesson of the negotiation.
I taught students to forget the lesson of so-called searching.
We wanted brothers and sisters, we fought for more rights for women, and we fought to have more and more space for women in society.
But we found a new phenomenon.
It was legal for human rights and particularly for women's rights.
It's called the radio.
That means a complete denial of women's participation.
Hundreds of schools were lost.
The girls were promised to go to school.
Women were forced to use candles and stopped going to markets.
The musicians were silenced, the girls and the sandwiches killed them.
They were going to be millions of people, but few of them, and it was terrifying to be around those people who kill and shoot when you talk about their rights.
It's really frightening.
At the age of 10 years, Muhammad was lifted up and raised by the right to education.
He wrote a newspaper for the BBC blog -- she offered himself for the New York Times, and I talked about every platform that he could.
And his voice was the most powerful voice.
It spread like a plant around the world.
And that was the reason why the Taliban couldn't tolerate their campaign and nine percent of October 2012, they shot him to make it on the head.
It was a dark day for my family and for me.
The world became a big black hole.
While my daughter was responsible between life and death, I whispered him to the ear to my wife, "I called it for what happened to my daughter to your daughter?
And I implemented he said, "Please don't blame you.
It causes the right cause.
You put your life in play by the cause of the truth, because of the cause of education, and the cause of education, and your daughter was inspired in you and you join it.
Both of them were on the right way and God to protect it.
These few words mean a lot to me, and I didn't ask you again.
When Muhammad was in the hospital, and he had severe and strong delivery headaches because his facial nerve was cut down, I used to see a dark shadow that was spread out of my wife.
But my daughter never complained of.
I used to say, "I'm okay with my stranger and the the distribution in my face.
I'll get fine. Please don't worry.
It was a consensus for us, and we got us.
I wanted brothers and sisters and we've learned from it how to resist at the hardest moments, and I would be pleased to share with you that despite being an icon for the rights of children and women, it's like any 16 year-old girl.
He cried when he doesn't just have his task.
He fought with his brothers, and I'm very happy for that.
People ask me, "What's special in my tutor that has made so much attacked to Malaria so courageous, expression and equipment?
I mean, they didn't ask me what I did.
Ask what I didn't do.
It doesn't cut their wings and that's it.
Thank you very much.
Thank you. Thank you very much. Thank you.
I was operating the brain 18 years ago, and since that day, the science of the brain has become a personal passion.
I'm an engineer.
And I want to tell you that I've recently joined the Muslim group of Google, where I've had a divide to my car, the Google Union visitor, but all the work that I'm going to talk about today today about the science of the brain, the fact before I joined Google or outside of my work there.
Having said this, there is a stigma when you sit into a brain operation.
Are you just like intelligent or not?
Otherwise, can you be smart?
After the neuroscience, I was missing a part of the brain, and I had to live with it.
It wasn't the gray matter, but it was the dead part of the center that creates important hormones and neuroscience.
Immediately after the operation, I had to decide how much of a dozen chemicals every day, because if I didn't take anything, die in a few hours.
Every day, for the last 18 years, I've had to decide about combinations and mix of chemicals, and trying to get it to keep life.
Over one time, I've been saved by a little bit.
But luckily, I have an undergraduate soul, so I decided to experience to try to get the last few days because there is really no clear map that I say it in depression.
I started dealing with different mix mining, and I was surprised by seeing how small changes in the doses changed by dramatically my authority, my sense of who I was, my way of thinking, my behavior with others.
A particularly amazing case for a few months, I tried to take a little bit and a typical chemical for a young man, and I was surprised by seeing how my thoughts changed.
I was always wrong, I thought all the time in sex, and I thought it was the smartest person around the world, and --   -- a lot of times in the past I've met a number of things like this, or maybe some remarkable versions of it.
It turned out as an end.
But my great surprise was that I wasn't trying to be a stranger.
In fact, I was trying -- a lot of intense, to fix a problem that had at the front, and it just doesn't happen.
So I couldn't handle it.
I changed my teeth.
But I think that experience gave me a new appreciation about men and about what they have to go through -- since then, I became better with men.
What I was trying to do, when we adjust those hormones and neuroscientists and so on, was to regain my intelligence after the disease and the operation, my creative thinking, my idea of ideas.
So think about almost always in pictures, and that became my key reference point, how I get those mental images that I use to create protections, my ideas, if you want to try and try and try and pick up situations.
These kinds of thoughts is not new.
Professors like Humbar, Desert and Jonathan see things like this.
They thought the images and the mental ideas were the same thing.
There are people who are asking this idea, and there are a lot of discussions about how the mind works, for me it's simple, for most of us, mental images are fundamental to the thinking of collaborative and invention.
So after several years, I managed to find the right point and I have a lot of great mental minds of mind, really vivid vertical, very sophisticated and good.
Now, I'm working on how to take these mental images, of my mind to the computer screen.
Can you imagine what would happen if a movie director would be able to use its imagination only to steer the world that has the front?
Or if a musician could extract your head music.
There are incredible possibilities with this, as the way people creative can share the speed of light.
And the truth is, the only difficulty to do this is simply increase the resolution of our brain scan systems.
Let me show you why I think we're pretty close to getting to this with two recent experiments made by two groups in neuroscience.
They use GDP technology, which is imagined by functional magnetic resonance to represent the brain. Here you can see the brain scan done by George Garden and his Harvard colleagues.
The column on the left shows the scan of the brain of a person who looks at an image.
The center of the middle shows the scan of the brain of the same individual as you imagine, seeing that same image.
The column on the right was created by the contents of the central column of the bottom on the left -- you see that the difference is almost bad.
This is repeated in many different individuals with many different images, always with a similar result.
The difference between seeing an image and imagine seeing that same image is almost bad.
Now, let me share another experiment. This is from the lab of Jack Galan in Berkeley, California.
They managed to turn the brain waves in the visual fields.
Let's put it in this way.
In this experiment, it was showed people hundreds of hours of YouTube videos while they were spreading their brains to create a great rate of brain reactions to video sequences of video.
Then, I showed you a film with new images, new people, new animals, and as long as it was a new scan.
The computer, using only the brain information of the scanner called it to show what it seemed like the person was seeing.
On the right, you can see the computer details, and on the left, the video that I showed you.
This led us constantly.
We're pretty close to getting it.
We just need to improve the resolution.
And now, remember that when you see an image and when you imagine that same image, it creates in the brain the same map.
This was taken with the biggest brain scanning systems available today, and its resolution was increased as a thousand times in the last few years.
We now need to increase the resolution about a thousand times more to get a deeper look.
How did we do that?
There are many techniques to do it.
One is to open the skull and introduce electrodes in it.
I didn't forget that.
A lot of people are proposing new techniques of projection for images, even me. Tell me with the recent result of the MRI -- first we have to ask the next thing, this technology will be the end of the way?
The conventional wisdom says that the only way to get greater resolution is with bigger magnets -- but at this point, the most serious magnets only offer small improvements in resolution -- don't increase by thousands as we need.
I put this idea, rather than bigger images, make better magnets better.
We can create a lot more complex structures with slightly different advances, like making a demonstration.
And why does this matter?
In the last few years, a lot of effort in the MRI were to make really big magnets -- right?
However, most recent advances in transported from infinite and brilliant solutions in color and decoration, in the transplant and recovery of French radio in the MRI systems.
Instead, instead of a magnetic field of magnetic field, we use structural magnetic patterns associated with the frequencies of FM radio.
So when we combine the magnetic patterns with patterns of the French radio processing patterns, we can increase the information that can be extracted in one scan.
Also, we can then split in layers of our growing knowledge about the structure of brain and memory to create the increase in the thousands that we need.
By using the MBI we should be able to measure not only the flow of blood out, but the of the hormones and the cartoons that I've mentioned and perhaps even the direct neural activity. This is the dream.
We will be able to fly our ideas in the direct form to digital media.
Can you imagine if we could go through the language and communicate directly through the thought?
What would we be doing?
And how do we learn to deal with the truths of human thinking without fish?
You thought the Internet is a big thing.
These are big questions.
It would be wrong to use it as tools to amplify our skills of thinking and communication.
Of course, this same tool could lead to the cure of Alzheimer's and similar diseases.
We have a few more options to open this door.
Anyway, choose a year, will happen in five or 15 years?
It's hard to imagine that I would take a lot more.
We need to learn how to give this step together.
Thank you.
I'm going to talk to you this night about coming out of the closet, and not in a traditional sense, not just gay flu.
I think we all have a spill.
His shelter may be telling some person for the first time that I love or tell someone who is pregnant or telling someone who has cancer, or any other hard conversation for which you have stuck in life.
Every impulse is a difficult conversation, and even though our subjects can vary too much, the experience of living and coming out of that outbreak is a universal thing.
Day fear, and we don't like it, and it must happen.
A lot of years ago, I worked in the South Wall Wall Canadian, a restaurant in the city, and I was there, I had to go through several stories of the intensity of the scale of military, not to break my arms, I quote the letters of Ann Dr. Frank as a legacy.
And I would be thrilled that by the supermarket of my short piece and I had appreciated my head and I was asking a little bit of a small child, "Hey, you're a kid or girl?
And it shows an uncomfortable silence on the table.
I opened my jaw a little more, I would take my coffee with a bank side.
The father would be influenced by the newspaper and the mother would launch a cold looking at his son.
But I would not say anything, and it would be steady.
And I got to the point that every time I went to a place where there was a child between three and 10 years old, I was ready to fight.
And that's a terrible feeling.
So I promised that next time I would say something.
He had that hard conversation.
So after a few weeks, again.
"Do you have a boy or a girl?
A family silence, but this time I was preparing and I was about to enter the female issues on the table.  I had the quote from Betty Frank.
The quote from Green Super.
Even a fragment of the "based of the vagina, they showed up.
So I breathe down, and I kept looking at it, and I went through a four-year girl with a pink dress, looking at what is not a challenge for a feminist distance, just a girl with a question: "Are you a girl or girl?
Then I breathe up again and I put off a little bit about it, and I said, "Hey, I know this is a confidence.
I have the short hair like a boy, and I see a kid, but I'm a girl, and you know, as you like to use a pink dress, and sometimes you like to use a comfortable dollar.
Well, I'm the kind of girl of a cooking shop.
And that girl looked at me quickly, paying attention, and he said, "My favorite brown is raped and has a fish.
Can you give me a paradigm, please?
And that was everything. Just "Oh, yeah. You're a girl.
What about the park that I me?"
It was the hard conversation of everyone ever had.
And why? Because the girl of the park and I, both we were honest to each other.
Like many of us, I've lived in some shelters in my life, and yes, often, my walls used to be a prophet.
But in the dark, you can't know what color the walls are.
You just know how one feels like living in a spill.
This is how my crowd is not different from you or your tea or your own.
I'm going to give you 100 reasons why to go out of my screen was harder than coming out of it, but this is the thing: The hard thing is not relative to me.
The hard thing is hard.
Who can tell you to explain someone who has been declared in pink bank is harder to say that it's been pressure?
Who can tell you that this story that I'm talking about is harder than telling your five-year-old child that you're going to disappear?
There's no more difficult one, there's only the hard.
We need to stop changing what is difficult about what difficult to another person to make us feel better or worse in relation to our smiles and we need to feel empathy because we all live something hard.
At some point in our lives, we all live in armed, and they can make sense or at least more security than the other side of the door.
But I'm here to tell you that no matter what their walls are doing, a spill is not a place to live.
Thank you.  Imagine yourself 20 years ago.
I mean, I had a horse tail, a dress and the high tea shoes.
It was not the military lesbian ready to fight any four years to go into the coffee.
I was frozen by the fear, I was walking in a corner of my dark spill buying my gray graph, and the only one muscle is the most remarkable thing ever done.
My family, my friends, very strange strangers that I've spent my entire life trying to not discuss, and now the world was going back to purpose.
I was burning the pages of a guide that we all have followed for so long, but if you don't launch that gratitude, you'll kill you.
One of my most memorable gratitude letters was in my sister's wedding.
It was the first time that many among the guests knew that it was gay, and when I made my honor tables, in my black and the tablet, I walked around the tables and finally came to one where the friends of my parents, people who knew me a few years.
And after talking about a moment, one of the women who was raised -- "I have National Lab."
And the gay story of the gay story had started.
"Have you ever been in the Costa?
"Well, yeah, the truth is, we have friends in San Francisco.
"Well, we've never been there, but we've heard that it's fantastic.
"Oh, you know my Alzheimer's standard?
It's very good and never talked about having a train.
"What is your favorite TV program.
Our favorite program? William and Grand.
And you know who we love to love you, Jack.
Japan is our favorite.
And then a woman, fascinating but I expected to show him desperately his support, to make sure I was on my side, finally said smallpox, "Well, sometimes my husband uses pink fields.
And I had an opportunity at that moment, as you have all the graphics laptops.
It might probably have been easy to indicate where they felt monitoring.
It's not very hard to find it and realize the fact that they were disconcerned.
And what else can you ask someone, but designed it?
If you're going to be authentic. You have to be prepared for how authentic you get.
It's like hard conversations follow without being my strong point.
Ask anyone who I have come in.
But I'm getting better, and I follow what I like to call the three principles of the Palestinian Child.
Now, please look at this through gay perspective, but understanding that what it involves coming out of any army is essentially the same thing.
Number one: Be authentic.
Take the school. You're yourself.
That girl in the coffee had no screen, but I was ready for the battle.
If you want someone to be genes, others should know that we also suffer for us.
Number two: They just throw off. They just throw up.
If you know that they're gay, you go away.
If you say to their parents that maybe they could be gay, they would keep hope that that could change.
They don't give them a sense of hopeful hope.
And number three, and more importantly,  Let the complex ones.
You communicate your truth.
They would be shot by that.
And some of you can go out heroin, and they can be destroyed by what they have done, but they never discuss why they are.
And yes, maybe some of you would feel displayed, but that's something in them, not in you.
Those are the expectations of them about what you are, but you don't know your own.
That's the story of them, but not of you.
The only story that matters is that you want to write.
So the next time you find in a dramatic dark to raise a graph, you have to know that we've all been there before.
And you may feel very lonely, but they're not.
Thank you. Bonobo. Enjoy the shell.
So what's that?
If we look at the story of how intelligence has been seen -- a productive example has been the famous Discard Commander of Chicago that "The question of whether a machine can think of is as interesting as the question of whether an underwater can hate.
When Idaha Defense wrote this made it as a criticism to the discovery of computing like Alan Turkey.
And so a few years ago, I built a program to try to understand the fundamental physical mechanisms underlying the intelligence.
Let's go back a walk.
We first started with a mental experiment.
Imagine that you're a random race, you don't know anything about the biology of the Earth or the neuroscience of the Earth or the intelligence of the Earth, but you have incredible telescopes, and you can see the Earth, and they have incredibly long lives, so you can see the Earth for millions of years.
And you see a very strange effect.
Of course, as a landscape, we know that the reason is that we're trying to save ourselves.
We're trying to avoid an impact.
But if you're a ridiculous race that doesn't know anything about this, that has no concept about the intelligence of the Earth, you will be forced to develop a physical theory that explain how to some point in time, the asteroids that demonstrate the surface of a microscopic planet, stop doing it.
And so I claim that this is the same question that we understand the physical nature of intelligence.
So in this program that I took a number of years ago, I announced a variety of topics through science, through various disciplines -- that I think, to a single mechanism underlying the intelligence.
For example, for example, there has been a variety of evidence that our universe seems to be fascinated by the development of intelligence, and in particular, for developing universal states that maximize the diversity of possible future.
Finally, in the robotic movement, there has been a variety of recent techniques that have tried to harness the skills of robots to maximize the future freedom of action in order to make complex tasks.
And so to take all these different issues and to put together together, I asked, for a few years ago, there is a mechanism underlying the intelligence that we can extract from all these different issues.
Is there a equation for intelligence?
And I think the answer is yes. What you're looking at is probably the nearest equivalent to one and the intelligence that I have seen.
So what you're looking at here is an affirmation that intelligence is a force, FOXO that acts in order to maximize the future of action.
It takes to maximize the future action future, or keep the choices open, with a force T, with the diversity of future actions, yes, to a very vast future time, task.
In a few words, intelligence doesn't like to get stuck.
intelligence tries to maximize the future freedom of action and maintaining open options.
And so, having to realize this equation, is natural to ask, what can you do with this?
How predictable is it?
Can the level of human intelligence.
Does it prefer artificial intelligence, right?
So I'm going to show you now a video I think, showing some of the amazing applications of this simple equation.
Narrator: The recent research in cosmology have suggested that the universes that produce more sleep, or "general, during their life should have tendency to more favorable conditions for the existence of intelligent beings like us.
But what if that technological connection between entropy.
What if intelligent behavior is not only correlated with long-term entropy production, but actually comes directly from it?
In order to figure out, we've developed a software engine called England, designed to maximize the production of long-term entropy in any system where it finds inside.
Amazingly, I was able to go through multiple animals of animal intelligence, playing games of humans, and even winning money to trade action, all of that without having to do that.
Here are some examples of England in action.
Just like a human foot without notice, here we see England working automatically a piece using a cart.
This behavior is remarkable in part because we never gave it to England a goal.
He just decided to balance the population.
This equilibrium ability to have applications for human robotics and human assistance technology.
This ability to use tools to have applications in intelligent manufacturing and agriculture.
Also, as some other animals can cooperate through extreme opposite of a rope.
This communication capacity has interesting implications for economic planning and in a variety of other fields.
Android is widely applied to a variety of dominant.
For example, here we actually see it remarkable to play a game of putting itself on itself, illustrates her potential for play.
So here we see England organizing new connections in a social network where the friends are constantly disconnected and keeps the network well connected.
This same network capacity also has applications in health care, energy and intelligence.
So here we see Albert organizing the routes of a band of ships, discovered with success and using the Panama of Panian to expand the global level of the Atlantic to the Pacific.
In the same way, England is widely applied to problems in autonomous defense and logistics and transportation.
Finally, here we see England specifically discovered and execute a strategy of computing scale, selling in a series of accumulation of action, successfully increase the assets under their exponentially management metric.
This ability for risk management will have huge applications in finance and safe.
A World Organization." What you've seen is that a variety of markets of smart cognitive behaviors like use of tools, winner and social cooperation -- every single equation, which leads to a system to maximize its future of action.
Now, here's a deep irony here.
We went back to the beginning of the use of the robot, the work "It's always the concept that if we developed intelligent machines, there would be a cyber region.
The machines get together against us.
One of the greatest consequences of this work is that maybe all of these decades, we've had all the concept of cyber regulation to investment.
It's not that the machines first become smart and then build them and try to get the world.
It's all the opposite, that the momentum of taking control of all the future possible is a more fundamental principle than the intelligence of intelligence, that general intelligence can actually come out directly to take the control -- rather than to the river.
Another important consequence is the pursuit of the target.
I often ask myself, "How do you look for objective for objective this kind of farmer?
My equivalent to that statement to move to the descendants to help us build artificial intelligence or to help them understand human intelligence, is the following: intelligence must be seen as a physical process that tries to maximize the future freedom of action and prevent restrictions in their own future.
Thank you very much.
We're at an inflection point in human history, something between the content of stars and losing the planet we call "The Program.
But in the last few years, we've expanded a lot of our knowledge about how to fit Earth in the context of the universe.
NASA mission has discovered thousands of possible planets orbiting around other stars, which is that the Earth is just one between the billions of planets of our galaxy.
Kennedy is a space telescope that measures the light intensity of the stars when the planets go down in front of them, and block a little bit of that light that comes to us.
The data collected by Kepler shows the sizes of planets besides the distance that there are between them and their mother star.
In fact, this helps us understand whether these planets are small and rocks like the land planets of our solar system, and also the amount of light they get from their sun.
Instead, this gives clues about whether these planets we find are holiday or not.
Unfortunately, while we're finding this state of potentially habitable worlds, our own planet is continuously standing under the weight of humanity.
The year 2012, it was the hottest record.
Phones and sea ice that have been with us for millions now are disappearing in a matter of decades.
These environmental changes that we've caused to global scale have been rapidly supported our ability to alter their course.
But I'm not a science scientist, nor animation.
But I think I study the world of the planet influenced the stars, with hope to find places in the universe where to discover life beyond our planet.
You could say that you look for alien opportunities in the interstellar sector.
Now, as someone really interested in the search of life in the universe, I can tell you that the more planets look like the Earth, more enjoy our own planet.
Each of these new worlds invite a comparison between the previous planet discovered and planets that we know better, our solar system.
Let's take our neighbor, Mars.
Mars is small and received and despite being a little farther away from the Sun, it can consider a potentially hostile world by showing this by a mission like the Kepler itself.
In fact, it's possible that Mars has been happening in the past, and in part, that's why we studied Mars.
Our movements like the "surgeon, track their surface to look for clues about the origins of life as we know it.
The satellites that orbit it, like the materials of the Mars mission, take samples of the atmosphere of the atmosphere, and try to understand how Mars has been able to lose their retirement.
The private companies now offer not only a short space flight, but also the tremendous possibility of living in Mars.
But even though all these male images remind us of the deserts.
Let's take the extension of the description of our planet that are still controlled -- really excited places in comparison with Mars.
Even in the most dry and most elevated places on Earth, the air is fresh and open of oxygen spread by our tropical forests to thousands of miles away.
I worry that this excitement for the colonization of Mars and other planets stuck with a big and sad shadow.
For a lot that I like the international exploration, I am deeply disappointed with this idea.
There are a lot of good reasons to go to Mars, but say Mars will be there to save humanity is like imagining that the chart of the Titanic will tell us that the price of the Titanic will tell us that the real party would have place later in the balloon boats.   Thank you.
But the goals for international exploration.
No, they are actually faces of the same coin, the goal of understanding, to preserve and improve life in the future.
The extreme environments present in our world are going like alien papers.
You just find more close to home.
If we can understand how to create and maintaining habitable spaces, in the hostile areas and the extension of the ground, maybe we can figure out the need to preserve our environment and go beyond that.
I leave you with a mental experiment, the Ford paradox.
A lot of years ago, physicist Alan Fermi asked -- I asked it to realize that our universe has existed for a long time, and we hope there were a lot of planets in this universe, we should have found evidence of the existence of alien life so far.
Well, where are you?
Well, a possible solution to the paradox of Fermi is that when civilizations become extremely advanced enough to consider to live between stars, lose the notion of how important the planets drive the origin of this development.
It's adaptive to think that only conventional colony will save us from ourselves, but planetary preservation and reverse exploration can work together.
And if we really believe in our ability to join the hostile environments of Mars for the human presence to the human presence -- then we should be able to overcome the even easier task of preserving the blood on Earth.
Thank you.
A few years ago, I appreciate my own home.
And while I was on the front porch looking at my pockets, I realized I didn't have the keys.
In fact, I could see the window that they were at the dining table, where I had left them.
So fast I tried to open all the other doors and windows and all of them were fine.
I thought about calling a closet, at least I had my cell phone, but at midnight, a seat could take a lot of time to come in, and I was cold.
I couldn't go home from my friend from Jeff to spend night because I had an early flight to Europe at the next morning, and he was prepared from my passport.
It was expensive, but it certainly wasn't more expensive than a seat at a half a night, so I thought, despite the circumstances, it was okay.
I am a neuroscientist, and I know a little bit about how the brain works under stress.
Let's increase the heart rate that increases the heart rate, the levels of adrenaline and denied the thinking.
And when I got to the marketing show in the airport, I realized I didn't have my passport.
Well, I had a lot of time to think about those eight hours without sleep.
And I started to ask myself, if there was something that I could do, systems that could put in its place, make it happen.
Or at least, if you happen bad things that will be a total catastrophe.
So I went to think about that, but until a month later, my thoughts didn't cry.
I was having my colleague Dr. Kove Warm, won from the Nobel Prize, and a little bit embarrassed told him that he broke the window, and I had forgotten my passport. And Danny shared with me who had been practicing something called prototype retros.
It's something that he had learned from psychologist Gary Karl, who had written this a few years before, known as the president.
They all know what the passion is.
Every time there's a disaster, a team of experts comes and tries to figure out what was going wrong, right?
In the president, as I explain Danny -- you look forward and try to figure out all the things that might go wrong, and then try to figure out what it can do to prevent things to happen or to minimize the damage.
So what I want to talk about with you is some of some things that we can do in the form of a president.
Some of them are electronics, others are not so evident.
I'm going to start with the obvious.
In the house, we put a place for things that are easily lost.
This sounds common sense, and it is, but there's a lot of science that supports this thesis -- based on how our space memory works.
There is a structure in the brain called hyperitor, which has evolved over thousands of years, to make a tracking of the location of important things, where it is good, where the fish are, where the fruit trees live, where the tribes live and enemies.
The hippocampus is the part of the brain that is added in London.
It's the part of the brain that allows prisoners to find their neurons.
And if you ask if someone really did the experiment, they cut the warm sense of the sheets, and yet they could find their neurons.
They didn't use smell, but the hippocampus, that very evolved mechanism of the brain to find things.
But it's really good for things that don't move much, not so good for things that move a lot.
This is the reason to lose solid solidarity, of reading and passengers.
So at home you have a place for the keys, a hook alongside the door, maybe a decorative dish.
For their passport.
For their reading goggles.
If you take a place and you're experimented with it, your things will always be there when you look for it.
What about the trips?
They take the cell phone a picture of their credit card cards, and they lead to contact, passenger, they put themselves to be in the cloud.
If these things lose or steal rooms, this can ease sustainability.
These are some of the most obvious things.
Remember, when you're under stress, the brain releases correctional.
The corporate is toxic and entering thinking.
So part of primitive practice is to recognize that under stress, we're not going to be at the best moment, and you have to put the systems on your site.
And there's perhaps no more stressful situation that when you face a medical decision.
And at some point, we will all be in that situation, to have to make a very important decision about the future of our medical attention or the one being wanted, to help them with a decision.
And so I want to talk about that.
And I'll talk about a very particular medical condition.
But this is created as a function for all of the decision-making medical decisions and in fact for financial decisions and social decisions -- any kind of decisions that you have to take that a rational assessment of the facts.
So suppose you go to the doctor and the doctor says, "I get the result of the lab and the cholesterol is a little bit.
You all know that the high cholesterol is associated with a greater risk of cardiovascular disease, heart attack -- brain standards.
So you're thinking that having the high cholesterol that's not the best, then the doctor says, "I'd like to take a drug to help you reduce the contact, a statistic.
And maybe you've heard about the statistics, and you know that it's one of the most recent drugs in the world today. It's even likely to know people who take them.
So you think, "Yeah, you touch the statistic?
But there's a question that you have to do then, a statistic that you have to ask that most doctors don't want to talk about, and the pharmaceutical companies even less.
It's for the NASA, the number need to try.
And what is this, the new?
It's the number of people who have to take a drug or join a surgery in any medical process before it helps one person.
And it needs to think about what kind of statistics that we've been arguing is that?
The number must be one.
My doctor would not take me something if it wasn't going to help.
But actually, the medical practice doesn't work like this.
And it's not about the doctor, and if it's guilty of someone, it's about scientists like me.
We haven't understood the underlying mechanisms very well.
But the Random estimates that 90 percent of drugs works only 30 to 50 percent of people.
So the number need to treat the most widely recognized, what do you think it is?
How many people have to take before they help a person?
Seven percent.
And this is about the research of civic researchers Jerusalem Ground and Pakistan Harvard, which is established independently by Bangladesh.
I do explore the numbers.
Some people have to take the drug for a year before they avoid a single heart attack, brain standard or another adventure attention.
Now maybe you think, "Well, one probability in 300 of my collection.
Why no, doctor, Denea.
But then you have to ask for a more more strategy, and it's "the factory of the side effects, right?
For this particular drug, the side effects are produced in five percent of patients.
And those include terrible things, driver pain and artificial pain, but you don't think about it, "The five percent is not very likely to happen to me, still to take the medicine.
But a moment.
I remember under stress doesn't think of it.
So you think about how to attach this over time, so you don't have to make the supply chain in the act.
Some people take the drug, right? A person has helped him, five percent of the 300 have side effects, that's 15 people.
You have 15 times more likely to get out of the drug that you help your drug helps you.
I don't say they should, or not to take the stable.
I just say you must have this conversation with your doctor.
The medical ethic requires it is part of the beginning of informed consent.
We have right to have access to this kind of information to start the conversation about whether you want to take the risks or not.
You may be thinking that I've launched this number on the air for the value of the clash -- but actually this number need to treat it is pretty typical.
For the surgery that most of you do in the older men in 50 extractions, the number you need to treat is 49.
So it's 15, skin surgeries for a person who has helped me.
And the side effects in that case are produced in 50 percent of patients.
Those include the impact or the practical distance, infected infection, taking a picture, financial influence.
And if it's lucky, and it's one of that 50 percent of the effects just going to spend a year or two.
So the idea of pressure is to think before time the questions that you can put up the conversation forward.
You don't have to make all this in the act.
And they also want to think about quality of life.
Because you have a number of times, you want a more short life free or a longer life that could have a lot of pain to the end."
These are the things that they talk about and think about now, with their family and their loved ones.
You can change your opinion in the heat of the moment, but at least you're trained in this kind of thinking.
Remember, our brain releases clean down under stress, and one of the things that happens at that moment is that there's a lot of systems.
There's an evolutionary reason for this.
Fall on face with a predator -- you don't need the digestive system, or the lens or the immune system, because if the body is spending the metabolism in those things, it doesn't react with room. You might be the lunch of lions -- so nothing that matters.
Unfortunately, one of the things that go through the window during those moments of stress is the rational thinking -- like Danny Kansas and his colleagues have shown it.
So we have to train them to think about the future to these kinds of situations.
I think the important thing here is to recognize that we're all detailed.
We're all going to fail in a time.
The idea is to think about the future how they could be those failures, to put the systems in the place that will help you minimize the damage, or to avoid that bad things happen in the first place.
They went back to the snow night in Montreal -- when I came back from my journey, my contract introduced me a combination of combination alongside the door, with a drop of the entry door in the same one way a easy way to remember.
And I have to admit that I still have lots of letters that I haven't ordered -- and lots of mail messages that I haven't read.
So I'm not very organic, but I see the organization as a gradual process, and I'm getting it.
Thank you very much.
Island, Pick, "It's my favorite musical system.
It wants to play south.
If you're playing a musical instrument, and you see a "battled on the particle, you need to play more still.
Two dogs, even more standard.
Four dog, extremely strange.
This is my drawing of a tree of "The York, you see that it doesn't matter how many thousands and thousands of "Where can there be a complete silence.
That's my current definition of silence, a very dark sound.
I'd like to share a little bit about the story of the American of signals, the E.U. -- also a little bit of my own story.
The French sign language came in during the 1970s, and over the course of time, it is mixed with local signals, and the language we now know as AIDS.
So it has a story about 200 years.
I was born deaf, and they taught me to believe that sound was not a part of my life.
And I thought it was true.
However, I now realize that it's not true for anything.
Sound are a very important part of my life, they're really in my mind every day.
As a dream person who lives in a world of sound, it's like I live in a foreign country, continue to freeze their rules, pressure, behaviors and norms without convincing them.
So how do you understand sound?
Well, I see how people behave and respond to sound.
People are like my handle and amplify sound.
I learned and copied that behavior.
At the same time, I've learned that I can create sound, and I've seen how people respond to.
So I've learned for example.
"Don't pick the door?
"Don't do a lot of noise when you eat the bag of free papers?
"It doesn't exist, and when you're eating you, you want to get rid of your collapse on the plate?
I call it a sound "called "computer."
Maybe I think about the sound tag more than the average person does.
I'm just supermarket of sound.
And I'm always waiting for negative soundscape, about which it's going to come next.
From there, this drawing.
TBP: To decide it.
Chef: Just to continue.
GG: Absolutely.
You can see that the landscape has no notes on the lines.
That's because the lines already contain sounds through subtle and wings.
In the holy culture, movement is equivalent to sound.
This is the signal for "March, in the Egypt.
A typical landscape has five lines.
However, for me, to do that with my thumb that doesn't feel natural.
That's why in my drawings, I only have four lines in the paper.
In 2008, I had the opportunity to travel to Berlin, Germany, for an artistic resonance there.
Before this time, I had worked as a painting.
During this summer, I saw museums and spaces of different galleries -- and while I was going from one place to another, I realized there was no visual art there.
At that time, the sound was the trend and that called me the attention.
There was no visual art, it was all autonomous.
Now the sound has entered my art territory.
I'm going to distance more of the art?
I realized it doesn't have to be like this.
In fact, I know the sound.
I know that so well that not just through the ears.
I can feel things in a touch way, or experiencing it very or even as an idea.
So I decided to take sound ownership and integrate in my artistic practice.
And all I had taught me in terms of sound, I decided to leave it and disconnected.
I started to create a new job of work.
And when I presented it to the artistic community, it was impressed with the amount of support and attention that I got.
I realized that sound is like money, power, control, social currency.
At the bottom of my mind, I always felt that the sound was anger, it was something from one person.
And the sound is so powerful that well I could give it to me and my artistic work, or I could get worse.
I chose to be embarrassed.
There's a massive culture around spoken language.
And just because I don't use my literary voice to communicate, the eyes of society is as if I didn't have a voice at all.
So I have to work with people who can support me as much as and become my voice.
So I'm able to be relevant in today's society.
So in school, in work and institutions, work with many different intersections of Egypt.
And their voice becomes my voice and identity.
They help me to be heard.
And their voices have value and weight.
Ironically, when you ask your voices, I'm able to maintain a temporary form of value something like taking a loan with a very high interest rate.
If I don't keep with this practice, I feel that I could download in the forget and have no social value.
So with sound like my new artistic medium, deep in the world of music.
And I was surprised by seeing the similarities between music and Egypt.
For example, a musical note can't be captured and expressed in the paper.
And the same thing can tell you about a concept in AIDS.
The two are very specialized and highly modest that means that subtle changes can affect all the meaning as much of the signals as well as sound.
I'd like to share a metaphor of the piano, to understand better how the Egypt works.
So, imagine a piano.
The tuna was divided in many different things that are different.
If you add a different parameters for every finger while you touch the piano, like the facial expression, the body movement, the space, the shape of your hand and the way, while you touch the piano, English is a linear language, like if you stack only one roof at once.
However, Egypt is more like a choice, you need the 10 fingers in a simple way to express a clear concept or an idea in AIDS.
If only a queen will change the accumulation, create a completely different meaning.
Same thing happens with music in terms of tone and fear and volume.
In AIDS, in using these different gravitational parameters you can express different ideas.
For example, the signal "I did in that?
This is the sign "The Scottish in that.
I'm looking at you.
Look at me.
Oh, I was angry.
Oh.
What are you looking for?
Ah, soon.
So I started thinking, and if I look at the Altworn through the legitimizes of music?
If I had to create a sign and repeat it again and again, it could be like a visual music piece.
For example, this is the sign of "The Sunday, the sun goes out and it gets paid.
This is "The Day?
If I repeated it and reducing speed, you see it looks like a musical piece.
All the day.
I feel that the same thing can tell you about "No, now?
"No third.
This is all night, in this drawing.
And this led me to think about about three different types of nights -- "No, "Look "Can Nature.  (Audience night?
I feel that the third has more music than the other two.
And this represents how time in A, and how the body distance can express changes in time.
For example, one is one hand, two honors, is two hands, the present gets closer and in front of the body, the future is in front of the body, and the past is in the back.
So the first example is "The long time."
Then "The Alexander and the last one, which is my favorite, with a very romantic and dramatic idea at once, "I once once ...
"The common common, it's a musical term with a specific rate of four times for eating.
However, when I see the word "working, I think automatically in "The same time."
You see me, right hand. My left hand.
We have the penguin through the head and the chest.
(Music: My Golden Garden" flower. "And "Come "Come? My Garden" flowers. I'm going to teach you a form of the hand called "The Florida.
Can you do it with me?
Every hand in high school.
Now we're going to do it so much in the head as the chest, something like "The common, or "It's "ever time.
Yeah, very good.
That means "and in the international system.
The international system, as a notice, is a visual tool to help communicate in all cultures and signs around the world.
The second thing I'd like to show you is this. Please do me again.
And now this.
It means "The Asson of Egypt.
Now, the third one. Please assume again.
And again.
It's "The Antarctica in the Egypt.
We're going to do three together.
"Development, "computer, and "shared."
All right.
Look at how the three signs are very similar. They all happen in the head and the chest. But they transmit very different meaning.
It's amazing to see how the Egypt is alive and extended, just like music.
However, today, we live in a very alternative world.
And just because the E.U. doesn't have sound, it doesn't automatically have social value.
We have to start to question what social value is and allow the Altworn to develop their own value, without sound.
And this could be a step to make a more inclusive society.
And maybe people understand that you don't have to be deaf to learn E.O. -- not that you have to hear to learn music.
The Altern is a rich store, and I'd like you to have the same experience.
I'd like to invite you to open your ears, to open your eyes, to participate in our culture and experience of our visual language.
And you never know, you can even love us.
Thank you.
George Garada.
As a child, my parents told me, "You want to take everything, but then you have to clean it."
The freedom involves responsibility.
But my imagination took me to all these wonderful places, where everything was possible.
So I grew up in an innocent bubble or a bubble of ignorance -- I have to say, because adults lie to us to protect us from the horrible truth.
When you get older, I learned that adults are also encouraging and they're not very good to clean each other's others.
Last time, I'm now an adult, and I teach citizens and invited in the Harvard School of Hong Kong.
You don't have to wait a lot for my students to walk through the traditional beach with lots of trash.
So as good citizens, we cleaned the beaches, and no, it's not alcohol, and if it is, I didn't know.
It's sad to say, but today over 80 percent of the oceans contain plastic.
It's a strange thing.
And over the last few decades, we've been coming out with these big bonds and networks, to collect those plastic pieces to study them under the microscope, and we catch them and collect this information on a map.
But it lasts an eternity and it's very expensive and it's also very risky to use these huge boats to use.
So along with my students, with age six to 15 years old, we dream to invent a better way.
We've transformed our tiny classroom in Hong Kong in a shop.
We started building this with high advertising work so that the very low children can also participate too.
And I'm going to tell you, kids who manipulate electrical tools are great and safe.
Not exactly.
Let's go back to plastic.
We collected the plastic and we reduce it at the size that we find it in the ocean, which is very small, because of its fragment.
That's what we do.
I leave it to the imagination of my students.
My job is to try to take the best ideas of every child and try to combine them into something that we hope it works.
We decided instead of collecting plastic pieces of plastic -- just by collecting information.
By using a robot, we took a picture of this plastic -- the kids are very excited about robots.
And then we immediately created what we call "the Professor?
We are so fast in the creation of prototypes that we end before we stop.
And we transform the light cameras and the web cameras in action, and we store it in a floating robot that will move slowly by the water and the plastic that we have there, and this is the image captured by the robot.
We see plastic pieces floating slowly through the sensor while the computer computer process this image and measure the size of every particle -- to get an alternative estimate of the amount of plastic in the water.
They took this invention based on a website in a website for invention called Kenyan, with hope that someone else is even more.
The great thing about this project is that students saw a local problem, and I go, they're trying to get it immediately.
I investigate my local problem. But my students in Hong Kong are very well informed children.
You see the news, take the Internet, and you touch this image.
A child, maybe less than 10 years, cleaned a oil spill -- just using the hands in Superman, the largest manufacturing rainforest in the world in Bangladesh.
They were very surprising because this is the water that you drink, it's the water that you break, the water where you live, the place where you live.
You can see that water is brown and the mud and oil are also from brown color and when everything is mixed -- it's very difficult to see what there is in the water.
But there is a simple technology called survival, which allows you to see what's in the water.
We built a first prototype of a software that can take through all kinds of substances that produce different scales, which can help identify what is in the water.
We built this prototype with a sensor and we sent it to Bangladesh.
The great thing about this project is that beyond solving a local problem, or to analyze a local problem, my students use their empathy and their sense of creativity to help other children.
And I was forced to do a distance problem. I was forced to do a second experiment, and I wanted to go a little bit further, maybe to address a harder problem, and also closer to me.
I'm half Japanese and half French and maybe remember, that in 2011, there was a devastating earthquake in Japan.
It was so violent that a bunch of giant waves took the telescopes, called the telescopes, and those technologies destroy several cities on the coast of Japan.
Over 15,000 people died in an instant.
It also gives the nuclear power plant of France, a nuclear center to water.
And today, according to an average of 300 tons are still leaking from the nuclear plant in the Pacific Ocean.
Today, the entire Pacific Ocean has transportation processes of context?
If we go to the west coast, we can measure France radiation everywhere.
But if you look at the map, it seems like most of the radiation disappeared from the Japanese coast of the Japanese coast and most of the moment, in the moment, it has safe, it's blue.
Well, the reality is a little bit more complicated than that.
I've come to Francisco every year from the accident and research in independent ways with other scientists, the land, the river, and this time we wanted to take the children.
Of course we didn't take them, the parents were not allowed to.
But every night we informed the control center, here you see the use of different muscles.
It might seem like they didn't take the hard work, but they did it because they're going to have to live with the radiation all his life.
Together with them, we discovered the data we collected that day and we talked about what we were going to do next, the strategies, the strands, etc.
And to do this, we created an alternative map of the region around the nuclear energy plant.
We created the email map, we introduced legislation to represent real-time data in real time, and we take water to simulate the rain.
With this, we could notice that the radioactive powder was filtering from the top of the mountain to the ground system and he described in the ocean.
It was an appropriate station.
But based on this, we organize a civil expedition -- the closest to nuclear central to date.
We came up to 1,000 miles of nuclear central -- and with the help of the area of the area we were collecting sediments of the sea fish with a sediment strength as we invented and building.
Here we see a progress, we've gone from a local problem to a remote problem, to a global problem.
And it has been very exciting to work on these different scales -- also open-source technologies and very simple.
But at the same time, it has been increasingly frustrating because we've been starting to measure the damage we've done.
We haven't even begun to try to solve problems.
I wonder if we should give the jump and try to invent better ways to do all these things.
So the classroom became a little bit very small so we found an industrial installation in Hong Kong and turned it into the largest space dedicated to social and environmental impact.
It's in the center of Hong Kong and it's a place where we can work with wood, metal chemistry, a little bit of biology, of loss, basically you can build almost all there.
It's also a place where adults and children can play together.
It's a place where the dreams of children can actually come back with adult aid, and where adults can be children again.
Them, allies, Abraham.
David Harvard, we asked questions like that, can we invent the future of mobility with renewable energy?
For example.
Or can we help in the mobility of the average age population transforming their standard wheelchair in new electric vehicles.
plastic, oil and radiation are terrible, but the worst legacy that we can leave our kids are the lies.
We can no longer afford to protect kids in the awful truth because we need their imagination to invent the solutions.
So scientific citizens, creation, solar, we have to prepare the next generation to worry about the environment and the people, and so that I can actually do something about it.
Thank you.
Two twin cells, two closed conferences of radically opposite design.
One is made of thousands of pieces of steel, the other one of a single silk single.
One of them is self-destructive, the other organic.
One is thought about the environment, the other one creates it.
One is designed by nature, the other one for it.
Might ant said that when he looked at the month of his breakfast, he saw a figure that fought for being free.
The film was only a Millennium Millennium tool.
But living beings are not circular.
They grow.
And in the smallest units of life, cells, we took all the information to take it for every cell to work and to replicate it.
The tools also have consequences.
At least since the Industrial Revolution, the world of design has been dominated by manufacturing regions and mass production.
The mountain lines have documented a made of parts, constructed the imagination of designers and artists to think their objects as victims of distributed parts with different functions.
But you don't find traces of material material in nature.
Think about the human skin, for example.
Our facial skin are tenth with diagnostic parks.
The skin skin are more graduate with small parts.
You act mainly as a filter, the other mostly as a barrier, and yet it's the same skin, there are no parts, there's no statement.
It's a system that goes gradually its functionality through the variation of emergency.
Here's a divided screen that represents my view of the divided world, the double personality of every design and architecture to work right now between the five and the gene, between the machine and the organism, between the income and the growth, between Henry Ford and Charles Darwin.
These two visions of the world, my left hemisphere and the right, analysis and substances, is shown in the two screens after me.
My work, in its simplest level, is trying to use these two visions of the world, move away from the standard and turn into growth.
You probably wonder, why now?
Why wasn't it possible this 10 or even five years?
We live in a very special moment in history, a weird moment, where it contributes four dimensions that offer designers access to tools that we never had access to before.
And in the intersection of these four fields, my team and I created it.
Please know the minds and the hands of my students.
We objects, products, structures and tools through scale, in large scale, like this robotic arm with a 24 degree angle.
Here we have represented the cell, an architect of ancient Arab architecture, and has created a screen where each approach is just unique to model the form of light and heat through it.
In our next project, we explored the possibility of creating a layer and a laughter. This was for a Paris fashion dolphin with Iran van Herb. It's like a second skin made from one piece, rocket in the content, floating around the waist.
Together with 3D Sure printing collaboration, we print this layer and fake 3D without conferences between the cells. I'll show you more objects like that.
This helmet combine rigid and soft materials in the 20 minutes.
This is the resolution of a human hair.
It's also the resolution of a Charles scanner.
That designers have access to this high resolution analogy and synthetic instruments, allowing products that are adapted not only the shape of our bodies, but also the physiological structure of our tissues, too.
We have also designed an acoustic chair, a chair at the same time structure, and then also advanced sound.
Professor Carl, my collaborator went back to nature for inspiration, and by designing this strange surface pattern, it becomes speaking.
So we put this surface of 44 different properties that vary in red, operations and color, corresponds to pressure points in the human body.
His surface, as in nature, is going to make its functionality not by the addiction of another material or another transport, but to vary continuously and decompose the material property.
But is it ideal nature, right?
There are no parts in nature, right?
I didn't believe myself in a religious Jewish home, but when I was young, my grandmother told me stories from the Hebrew Bible, and one of them came up and I came to define a lot of what I mean.
As she says, "The third day of Critical Creature, God sent the Earth to grow a fruit fruit tree traffic.
For that first fruit tree, there would be no difference between transitions, branches and leaves and fractals.
The whole tree was a fruit.
Instead, the land did grow trees with branches.
The Earth created a world made of parts.
I often ask myself, "What would design if the objects were made of one piece?
Let's go back to a better state of creation?
So we looked for the biblical material, the kind of material the tree of the tree tree with fruit, and we found it.
The second most abundant block on the planet is called the stream, and about 100 million tons are produced every year by organisms like shrimp, blood, short and males.
We think that if we could synthesize their properties, we could generate molecular structures in one piece.
So that's what we did.
We call it legal market.  We asked a lot of shrimp sugar cards, and we put them together and produce the pressure past.
I will find chemical concentration, we've been able to get a wide range of properties from dark, hard and opaque, to light, soft and transparency.
So to print the structure in large scale, it was built a system with multiple radiation of robotic extension arms.
The robot could vary the properties of the material on the march and create these structures made from one matter of one material three feet long, 100 percent recycling.
When the pieces are ready, they let them stop them to find a natural form of contact with the air.
So why do we continue to design with plastic.
The air bubbles that were a protection of the printing process were used to get microbial microbial meetings, which came up for the first time on the planet three billion years ago, as we heard yesterday yesterday.
Together with our collaborators in Harvard and MIT and the MIT -- we made the bacteria genetically engineered to capture quickly carbon from the atmosphere and turn it into sugar.
For the first time, we have been able to generate structures that do their transition without problems with a mountain, and if it gets even more, to windows.
A fruit traffic tree travel.
Working with an ancient material, one of the first forms of life on the planet, with abundant water and with a little bit of synthetic biology, we have transformed a structure made of shrimp sugar in an architecture that behaves like a tree.
And here is the best part, for objects designed to block, put in the sea, feed marine life, and put on the ground, help grow a tree.
The advertisement for our next exploration used the same design principles was the solar system.
We look for the possibility of creating clothes to keep life for international travel.
To do that, we need to break the bacteria and control their flow.
So as the periodic table, we did our own table of elements -- new forms of life created unscientificated created and adapt in biological form.
I like to think about synthetic biology as the liquid advantage, just instead of giving you a price metal, you synthesize new biological functions.
This field is called microscope.
Let's put our own 3D channels to control the flow of these liquid bacterial crops.
In our first piece of clothes, they combine two microscopes.
The first is literature.
It lives in our oceans and in fresh water.
And the second -- and I click the bacteria in the human intestine.
One turn light into sugar, the other sugar consume and produces useful biofuels for the built environment.
But these two microscopes don't interact in nature.
In fact, they never met.
They're here, they designed for the first time, to have a relationship in a piece of clothes.
Think of it as evolution, not by natural selection, but evolution for design.
In order to focus on these relationships, we've created a single channel that is attached to the digital tree, that will help you flow these bacteria and to embrace their function.
So we started to grow those channels in the human body, to make the properties of the material with the desired formation.
If we wanted more photos, we have more transparent channels.
This police sports system, when it stretches from an end to another, 60 meters.
This is half the length of a football field, and 10 times more than our department intervention.
And here it is, as a prime at TED, our first post-conflict picture, bright liquid channels with life within the clothing.
Thank you.
Mars Shanghai said, "We creatures last fashion career, only half is made.
What if design will provide the other half.
What if we could create structures that increase life material?
What if we could create personal microbes that would scan our skin, repair the damaged tissue and support our bodies and seek.
Think of this as a way of editing biology.
I call this the material ecology.
For that, you always need to go back to nature.
So now you know that a 3D printer print material in layers.
Nature doesn't do it like this.
It comes up with a difference.
This is a captain of the warrior -- for example, creates a highly sophisticated architecture, a home inside which they manage.
The non-like manufacturing is about this level of difference.
It does it by combining not two materials, but two proteins in different concentrations of it.
An act as structure, the other one is the glue or the matrix, and they put those fibers each other.
And this happens through scales.
The silk worm is released in the environment, creates a tension structure, and then starts to ice a command channel.
tension and compression.
With the end of understanding better how this complex process works, we take a small magnet to the head of a silk worm to the hydrogen.
We put it inside a box with magnetic sensors, and that allowed us to create this cloud of points in three dimensions and visualize the complex architecture of the silk worm.
However, when we put the silk worm on a flat park, not within a box, we realized that it has a flat captain and still metabolic metaphor.
So we started designing different environments -- different antibodies, and we've discovered that the shape, the composition -- the structure of the captain is transmitted directly by the environment.
It's often honestly the silk worms to death inside their calls, their silk stands up and used in the textile industry.
We saw that designing these paradigms we can shape the silk silk without having a single character.
They get some solid mechanism, and we could create these things.
And so we scan this process to the architectural scale.
We had a military robot doing silk progress, and we put on our site.
We knew that silk worms migrate to more dark and cold areas so we used a solar route diagram to reveal the distribution of light and heat in our structure.
So we created holes or appropriate and to block the rays of light and heat and destroy silk worms on the structure.
We were prepared to get the orbits.
We had 6,000 worms of silk to a line of silk online.
And after feeding four weeks, they were prepared to smell with us.
We put them carefully on the lower edge of the analyst, and while they draw, creativity, they walk up, put eggs, and life starts again, like us, but much, much more short.
Martin Florida said that tension is the great integrity, and it was right.
As a biological silk in the self-sextain ice silk, they give all this piece of partnership.
And in a little more than two or three weeks, 6,000 thousand square worms of silk.
In a curious symmetry -- this is also the length of the silk route.
Politicians, after the classroom, produce 1.5 million eggs.
This could be used for 250 additional pictures in the future.
So here are the two visions of the world.
A silk ice through a robotic arm, the other full vote.
If the last frontier of design is to give the products to products and the buildings that surround us, to form an ecology of two materials, designers have to unite these two visions of the world.
Which brings us back, of course, at the beginning.
Here is a new era of design, a new age of creation, that brings us from an inspiring design in nature to an inspired nature in design, which demands of us, for the first time, that we make us charge of nature.
Thank you.
Thank you very much. Thank you.
Raise your hand if you've ever asked you "What you want to be more of more?
If you had to remember what age you had when you asked them for the first time this?
You can show it with toes.
Five. Five. three, five, five.
Now, raise your hand if the question "What you want to be more of more?
You've caused some kind of anxiety.
There is an anxiety.
I am somebody who could never answer the question, "What do you want to be more of more?
The problem was not that I had any interest but he had too much.
In school, I liked English -- the motors and the art and the device and developed websites, and I played the guitar in a position called Thomas Francisco.
Maybe you've heard about us.
And in general, I like to test and persist in all ways, for having given a long time and energy and sometimes money in this field.
But over time this sense of holiday -- this feeling of this -- this is no longer a challenge, it's going to be continued.
And I have to leave it.
But then I'm interested in something else, something completely different, and I'm going to go into it, and I'm going to leave you and I feel "Yes, I've found my mine, and then again this point where I start to bring it.
And finally, I want to leave you.
But then I would like to discover something new and different, and I'd like to get into that.
This pattern caused me a lot of anxiety for two reasons.
The first one was because I wasn't sure how it was going to turn all this into a career.
I thought I had to choose one thing, I would deny all of my other passions and respond to the supply.
Another reason why I got so much anxiety was a little bit more personal.
I was worried that there was something wrong about this, and something wrong in me not to define at all.
I was worried to have fear of composition, or being destroyed, or an automatic or my own success.
If you can relate to my story and these feelings, I would like to ask you something that I'd like to have put up then.
Ask themselves, where they learned to assign the meaning of evil or algae to do things.
I'm going to tell you where they learned it, they learned it from culture.
You ask yourself, "What do you want to be more luck?
When we have about five years.
And the truth is, nobody cares what you answer to that age.
It's considered an Indian question to provide nice answers in children like, "The antibiotics, or "The dancership, or "I want to be a picture?
It increases the Facebook distributed here.
And this question gets us over and over again as we grow up in various ways, point of water, to high school students, ask you they're going to pick up in college.
And at some point, "What do you want to be more luck?
It is about being the cute exercise of before it takes away the dream.
Why?
While this question inspired the kids to dream about what they might be, not inspired to dream with everything they could be.
In fact, it does just the opposite -- because when someone asks you what you want to be, you can't respond to 20 different things, even though adult adults are still laughing and say, "Oh, what nice but you can't be artists of violence and psychology.
Do you have to choose it?
This is Dr. Bob Chris --  and he is advanced of rape and psychological.
And this Amy Noth, an editor of magazine became incomplete, comparison, professor and creative director.
But most kids don't hear about people like this.
All you hear is they're going to have to choose it.
But it's more than that.
The notion of central life is very ideal in our culture.
This is this idea of fate, or the real vaccine, the idea that each of us has something that is going to take for your time on this land, and you have to figure out what that thing and dedicate it is to dedicate it.
But what if you're someone who is not connected in this way?
What if there are a lot of different issues that wake up their curiosity and many different things that want to do?
There's no place for someone like one in that frame.
And so you can feel alone.
You can feel that you don't have a goal.
And feel that there's something wrong with one.
There's nothing wrong in you.
You are a military.
A military is someone with many interests and creative activities.
It's a magazine like that.
I could help if you divide in three parts of it, morally, potential and day.
You can also use other terms that connect the same idea, as a creative, renewables.
During the time of the Renaissance, the ideal was who was okay in multiple disciplines.
Bird Shanghai refers to us as "and "interesting."
It uses any term that you like or invented your own.
And it seems to me as a kind of a advertisement to a community, we can't agree with a single identity.
It's easy to see the biodiversity as limited or alternative that you should stop.
But what I've learned talking to people and writing about these ideas on my website, is that there are huge strength to be this way.
Here are three molecular surfaces.
One, the substance of ideas.
I mean, the combination of two or more fields and creation of something new in the intersection of it.
Jimmy Harvard and Rachel Bird expressed their interests shared in decomputing, visualizing of data, travel, mathematics and design, to fund Muslim.
Mars is a company that creates general inspirational jewelry.
Singapore and Rachel came up with this unique idea by its massive effective of skills and experience.
Innovation happens in intersections.
So they produce the new ideas.
And the Africans with all their advances, they can access a lot of these interests of intersection.
The second military supermarket is fast learning.
When molecules are interested in something, we're going to it.
We see everything we can have in our hands.
We're based on being presentation, for having been a lot of times in the past, and this means we have less fear of trying new things and coming out of our comfort areas.
A lot of skills are transformed to other disciplines, and we have everything we've learned to every new area that we measured, so we rarely started out of zero.
No Qaeda is a full-time trip and writing independent writing.
As a child pianist a incredible capacity to develop muscle memory.
Now, she is the fastest mechanical mental.
Before I became a writer, I wasn't financial planning.
He had to learn the mechanics of the earlier sales when they started their practice, and this ability helps him write compelling letters for the children.
It takes time a long time of time to devote what you add to you, even if you finally throw it down.
It is possible to apply that knowledge in a completely different field, in a way that you couldn't have predicted.
The third military supermarket is adaptability.
Alli Paul is sometimes director of videos, other people, we have some pathway designer -- sometimes consumed from Keith -- sometimes teachers, and, sometimes, James Barbara.
It's valuable because it makes a good job.
He's even more valuable because it can take different roles depending on the needs of their customers.
The French magazine Company defined adaptability as the most important skill for development, to thrive in the 21st century.
The economic world changes so quickly and impressive that are the individuals and organizations that can be sent to meet the needs of the market, the ones that will really work.
So of course, quick learning and adaptability, three skills where molecules are very honored -- and three skills that could be lost if they're prepared to reduce their goals.
As a society, we have a great interest in training the molecules to be themselves.
We have complex problems, multi-pollution problems, and we need no conventional creative thoughts to address them.
Let's say they're in your heart, specifically.
They came out of the wind knowing because they wanted to be negative neuroscience.
Don't worry, there's nothing wrong in you either.
In fact, some of the best teams are composed of a specialist and a profitable military.
The viewer can go deep and put ideas in the depth and put it into ideas, and the military offers an advantage of knowledge to the project.
It's a beautiful relationship.
But all of us should design lives and careers that correlate with the way we are connected.
And unfortunately, to the molecules, in large part of them are encouraged to be more like their specialized partners.
Once I said this, if there's one thing that you get from this talk, I hope it is this, you know, you have the internal course, it's what it is.
If you are a heart specialist, then species for all media.
That's where you get the best of you.
But for the molecules in the room, including those who are just realizing being one of them in the last 12 minutes --  I tell you, you know, remember with their many passions.
You see your curiosity for those coast markets.
Let's explore the intersections.
Our internal cable leads us to a more authentic and happy life.
And perhaps most importantly, curiosity, the world needs us.
Thank you.
In 1991, a woman named Alabama took it to a psychiatrist in France.
She was paralyzed and couldn't remember even the most basic details of his life.
His doctor called Alabama.
Alexander didn't know how to help Alabama, but she was beaten by her until that unfortunately she passed in 1900.
After his death, Alabama made a car and found strange plants and hits in the body of Alabama, a guy who had never seen before.
Even more surprising.
If Alabama had been alive today, we couldn't give it to her more help than Albert gave him 150 years ago.
Albert was Dr. Allen Alpha.
And Alban Deply, the first patient in getting a diagnosis that we now call Alzheimer's disease.
Since 1900, medicine has advanced a lot.
They have been discovered and vaccines to protect them from insects, many treatments for cancer, ads for HIV, stability for solid surgery and much more.
But it has been progress in the treatment of Alzheimer's.
I'm part of a team of scientists who work to find a cure for Alzheimer's for more than a decade.
So I think about this all the time.
Alzheimer's now affects 40 million around the world.
But in 2050, it will affect 150 million people, by the way, including many of you.
If you expect to live until the age of 85 or more, the possibility of controlling Alzheimer's will be almost one of each other.
In other words, there is the probability that they spend their days with Alzheimer's or helping to take care of a friend or to be wanted to get Alzheimer's.
Only in America, the capital of Alzheimer's costs 200 billion dollars every year.
One of five dollars of medical assistance is spent in Alzheimer's disease.
Today is the most expensive disease, and their costs would produce a five times increase in the year 2050, as they invented the generation of the wall.
I may surprise you, but Alzheimer's is one of the biggest medical and social challenges of our generation.
But it's done relatively little to fight.
Today, one of the top 10 causes of death from all over the world, Alzheimer's is the only one who can't prevent it, cure or even reduce their development.
We understand less of Alzheimer's than other diseases because we've invested less time and money in the research of itself.
The U.S. government spends 10 times more every year in cancer research than in Alzheimer's despite the fact that it costs us more than Alzheimer's and causes a similar annual number of deaths like cancer.
The lack of resources is due to a more fundamental cause, the lack of consciousness.
Because this is what little people know, but everybody should say, Alzheimer's is a disease, and we can cure it.
For most of the last 175 years, all the scientists, confined Alzheimer's controllers.
We thought that it will be safe in a normal and inevitable part of aging.
But there is only a picture of a healthy aging brain compared to a patient in Alzheimer's to see the real physical damage caused by this disease.
In addition to deliver a severe loss of memory and mental skills, the damage to the brain caused by Alzheimer's reduces significantly life expectancy and it's always deadly.
Remember, Dr. Alzheimer's found pictures and strange highways in the brain of Alabama a century ago.
For nearly a century, we didn't know a lot about this.
Today, we know that they're made of protein molecules.
You can think of a molecule of protein as a piece of paper that is closed as an origami.
There are places in the paper that are personality.
And when you get right, these sticky dots end up inside.
But sometimes things go wrong, and some sticky dots stay on the outside.
So this makes the protein molecules be perceived to each other, forming groups that can form large plates and paintings.
That's what we see in patients with Alzheimer's patients.
We've spent the last 10 years at the University of Cambridge trying to understand how this distribution works.
There are a lot of steps and the identification of what happens block is complex, like they disappear a bomb.
A cable could do anything.
Open the others can make the bomb explode.
You have to find the right step that you block it, and then create a drug that does it.
Until recently, in the most part, they've reduced the wires and waiting the best.
But now there's a different group of people, doctors, biologists, genetics, chemistry, physical, engineers and mathematics.
And together, we have managed to identify a critical step in the process. It's now testing a new kind of drugs that block specifically this step to stop the disease.
I'll show you some of our last results.
No one outside our lab has seen it yet.
So let's look at some videos of what happened when they test these drugs in women.
These are the healthy worms and you can see they move with normal.
These worms on the other hand, they have protein molecules that are paid with each other within them, like in humans with Alzheimer's people.
And you can see that they're clearly sick.
But by giving our new drugs to these worms in an early stage, then we see that they save and live a normal life.
This is just a very positive outcome, but research like this shows that Alzheimer's is a disease that we can understand and cure.
After 17 years of wait, there's real hope of what can be achieved in the next 10 or 20 years.
But to raise that hope, to get the Alzheimer's story, we need help.
It's not about scientists like me, it's about you.
We need to build that Alzheimer's is a disease and if we try it, we can sell it.
In the case of other diseases and patients and their families have taken more research and pressure pressure on government, pharmaceutical industry, about scientists and lenses.
That was essential to move into the HIV treatment in the late 1980s.
Today we see that same unit for the cancer.
But Alzheimer's patients often can't talk to themselves.
And their families, the hidden victims of their beings burn day and night, are often too distributed to go out and advocate for change.
So really depends on you.
The Alzheimer's isn't in most cases a genetic disease.
Everybody with a brain runs the risk.
Today, there are 40 million patients like Alabama, who can't create the change they need for themselves.
Help me speak for them, and help me raise a cure.
Thank you.
I put this article in the New York Museum of New York Times, in January this year.
To love someone, do this.
The article about a psychological study, designed to create romantic love in the lab, and of my own experience when I prove myself a night of the past summer.
So the procedure is pretty simple: two strange streams go together to ask you 36 more and more personal questions, and then both of you look at the eyes without talking for four minutes.
Here's a couple of examples of example.
Number 12, if you could wake up tomorrow with a quality or skill, what would it be?
Number 23, when was the last time you cry into another person?
And what?
As you move forward, these are increasingly personal.
Number 3, -- I really love your partner what you love from him or her, and I very similar this time, and I gave things that you wouldn't say to anyone who you've ever met.
When I stumbled on this study a few years ago, a detail actually called me the attention, the boy that two of participants had spent six months later and invited all of the lab to the ceremony of the cross.
So it was skeptical about this process of making romantic love, but since then, I was also intrigued too.
And when I had the opportunity to test this study, with someone I knew not particularly very well, I didn't expect to love it.
But I thought it was a good story, so I sent it to the modern love of Modern Color a few months later.
That was published in January, and now it's already anger, so I guess some of you probably are wondering, "Do you go together still yet?
And the reason I think you have this question is because you've done this question over and over again in the last seven months.
And this question is just about what I want to talk about today.
But let's go back to the topic.
A week before the article was published was very nervous.
I've been working on a romantic book in the last few years, so I had been writing about my experience in romantic love in my blog.
But a blog entrance can come to a few hundred views like a lot, and those were only from my Facebook friends and imagine that my article in the New York Times was probably a thousand views.
And that led a good attention of attention in a relatively new relationship.
But as I did, I had no idea.
The article was released in line a Friday night, and the sun, this happened in the traffic of my blog.
And the Sunday Design had been called the Sun Show and the God Mountain America.
In a month, the paper received more than eight million visitors -- and I was, to say something slightly prepared for this kind of attention.
One thing is to foster the confidence writing with sync about our own loving experiences, but another thing is to discover that the language of one has been international news --  and that people around the world are really interested in the state of your new relationship.
And when people called or writing, what they did every day for weeks, they were always asking the same question: "Are you still still together?
In fact, when I was preparing this talk, I made a quick search on my email of my email with the phrase, "How do you follow together?
And several messages came up immediately.
They were from students and journalists and strengths like this.
They interviewed me in the radio and they asked it.
I gave a talk, and a woman raised up to the stage, "Hey Man, where is your number?
And I immediately got red.
I understand that this is part of the deal.
If you write about your relationship in an international day, you should expect people to feel comfortable about it.
But I was not prepared for the desk of the answer.
The 36 questions seemed to have crossed life.
In fact, the New York Times published an article continuously for San Valentine, which includes the experiences of the readers when they test the study on them with different degrees of success.
So my first impulse to all this attention was to be very surrounded with my own relationship.
I said not to every request that we both made a public advantage together.
I interviewed television interviews, and they threw up the pictures of the photos of our two.
I think I had fear of becoming a fear of the interconnected professors of the training process, a range that I didn't feel at all the absolute career.
And I understood that people didn't want to know only if the study worked, they wanted to know if it was really working, or whether it was able to produce love to manage it, not just an adventure, but real love, real love.
But this was a question I didn't feel able to answer it.
My relationship had just a few months, and I felt, especially people asked the wrong question.
How do you know if we were following together or not, and they also say it?
If the answer was not, would the experience of doing these 36 less interesting questions ...
Dr. Arthur Aristotle wrote first about these questions in the same study in 1997, and there, the research goal was not to produce romantic love.
Instead of that, I would look for forced advertising between college students, using what Amazon called substantial openness, programmed and recording it.
Sounds remote, right?
But the study did work.
The participants felt closer after doing doing it. Many passengers also use the Richard Richard prototype as a quick way of creating trust and interaction between strangers.
They've used it between the members of the police and the community, and they've used it among people of the opposite political identities.
The original version of the story, which I thought about last summer, that combined personal questions with four minutes of visual contact, was quoted in this article, but unfortunately never published.
A few months ago, I was giving a talk on a small school of liberal arts -- and then a student came to me and told me with the history, I tried the studio and didn't work.
He seemed to be disconnected by it.
And I mean, you want to say that you love the person who you did it?
Well, he made a page.
I think she just wants us to be friends.
And I said, but they became better friends?
Did you feel that you were able to know better after try the study?
The airplane.
So, it worked, I said.
However, I don't think that was the answer he looked for.
In fact, I don't think it's the answer that any of you is looking for when it comes to love.
I stumbled on the study for the first time when I was 25, and I was on a really difficult sequence.
I had had that relationship since I had 20, which was basically all my adult life, and he was my first real love, and I had no idea how or if I could live without him.
So I was in science.
I studied all I could find about the science of romantic love, and I expected that that could somehow navigate the heart.
I don't know if I realized this at the moment, I thought I just research for the book that I wrote, but in retrospect, it seems really obvious.
I thought if I ran with the knowledge of romantic love, I would never have to feel so bad and used as I felt then.
And all this knowledge has been useful in one or another.
I'm more patient with love. I'm more released.
I have more confidence to take what I do.
But I can also see more clearly, and I can realize that what you look for is sometimes more than you can take me to me.
What I look for love is a band, not just to be love today and being loved tomorrow, but it will continue to be an individual love for the person I love.
It may be that this is the guarantee that people would ask when they wanted to know if we were still together.
The story that the media told about 36 questions is that there may be a hole to love.
There may be a way to monitor some of the impact risk, and this is a very thin story, because they love makes us feel good, but it's also frightening.
But I think when it comes to love, we're very willing to accept the short version of the story.
The version of the story that I ask, still still together?
And his content with an answer of it or not.
So more than a question, I wonder that we ask more difficult questions, questions like, how do you decide who your love and who doesn't?
How would you stay in love when things are complicated, and how do you know how to cut and distribute?
How do you live with the uncertainty that inevitably takes a relationship, or even more, how do you live with the doubt of your partner?
I don't know the answers to these questions, but I think they're a good beginning to have a more reflective conversation about what it means to love someone.
So if you want the short version of the history of my relationship, this is a year ago, a meeting and I applied a study designed to create romantic love, we love -- we still continue together, and I'm very happy.
But love is not the same thing to remain love.
They are the easy part.
So at the end of my article wrote, the love didn't happen.
Let's let them look at them because we take the choice to be.
And I was a little bit of the reading right now, not because it wasn't true, but because at the moment, I hadn't considered everything that was that choice.
I don't think about how many times we would have both to make that decision, and the times you have to keep doing that choice without knowing before it always chose or not.
I want you to be enough to have done and answer 36 questions, I've chosen to love somebody so generous and wind and fun and have expressed that choice in the largest dolphin in the United States.
But what I've done, in change, is to turn my relationship to the kind of myth that I don't really think about.
And what I look for, and what maybe my life will happen is that that myth is true.
I want the happy end of implicit on the title of my paper, which is -- the only part of the article that I actually didn't write about.
But what I have in change is the opportunity to choose someone, and the hope that he would also love me, and it's traveling, but that's the deal with love.
Thank you.
I was raised by a little mountain slide and I actually came as a forest guard.
New York City makes a time ago,  something that really affected me but more details later.
I'll start with when I was eight years old.
I took a wooden box, and I found a bird of a dollar, a pen and a fork in her somewhere in Colorado.
And I thought that some strange humans or a little bit of allies found this box about 500 years later and learning how our species will swap ideas, for example, how we eat the shelves.
I had no idea.
Anyway, it's because here I am, 30 years later, and I'm still making boxes.
At a time I was in Hans -- like to go from exposure and self-educated and all of those weird things, and I was doing a coal for my mother.
And I took a dictionary and I opened up all the pages and I made a kind of carbon pilot to the stress Agnes Martin, the reserve covered and a bee was trapped away.
Well, my mother has fear to bees, and it's advanced to them, so I walk more resident on the canvas, thinking I could hide it.
Instead, the opposite happened. It somehow seemed to increase in size, as if you would look at the text with a magnifying land.
So I made more boxes.
This time, I started adding electronic elements, rains, strange bottles that I was finding through the street, everything I could find, because I was looking for things all my life, trying to replicate it and tell stories about these objects.
So I went to draw around the objects, and I realize that God I can draw in space.
I can fly transportation, drawing just like this is about a cat on the scene of crime.
And I took the objects and created my own school dialogue invented.
First of all, the perfection, the ones that you could make an idea.
Then I did some strange insects and creatures.
It was very fun to draw on the retirement boxes.
And it was great, because I started sending exhibitions and those things, and I was making some money, to bring my girlfriend to dinner, for example, go to Sharing.
It was great, man.
At some point I'm interested in the human way, the home sculpture of natural size with discovery of human beings inside the boxes.
It was great, except for one thing: I was dead.
I didn't know what to do, because the reserve was going to kill me.
And I went to bed every night thinking about it.
So I tried to use glass.
I started drawing in the glass layers, similar to drawing on a window, and then in another window and another window, and I had all these windows together that would form three-dimensional composition.
And this really worked, and so I could stop using the retirement.
So I did this for years, and my work would carry out with something very big, that I call "the "computer."
For the "scale, I was inspired by the "sentence, in the world in "The Garden of Department Boston, which is a painting at the Muslim Museum in Spain.
Do you know that?
Well, it's a fantastic picture.
They say it's a little bit ahead of your time.
Well, the "Charles, explaining this piece.
It weighs 11,000 pounds.
Four meters long.
It has double faces, so it's 10 meters of components.
It's a little bit weird.
Well, that's the source of blood.
On the left is Jesus and the labs.
There's a cave where all these creatures with animal heads travel between two worlds.
They come from the world of representation of representation of analogy where they hide.
This is where the creatures with animal heads are headed on the farm, ready to stay in mass store in the ocean.
The ocean is comprised of thousands of elements.
This is a bird god tied to a retrofitter.
Bill Graham is in the sea, the Hollywood -- the previous platform of the spill, Warley, the Olympic Bird Law refugee -- there's all sorts of weird things that you can find if you look very well in the ocean.
It's also a kind of dramatic thing.
It's coming out of the ocean, and oil scale in one hand while the other hand comes out of the other hand to it.
Their hands are like warming, and it looks like a military being that keeps Earth and the cosmos in balance.
So it's a aspect of the "the Health.
It's a little bit of a storyteller.
That's the hand that I sculpt in.
And then when you go to the other side, you have a strand, like a bird of bird, and you climb clouds from this trip.
It also has a $20 tail.
All of the way, his tail got fire to put it on a flight.
I don't know why that happened.
Things that happen, you know.
His tail ended up in a court hidden card made of terrorist cards from 1986.
Have you seen it?
They were done in the 1980s, as if they were baseball cards in the terrorists.
Very often in time.  This brings me to my last project.
I'm in the middle of two projects. One is called "The Professor.
This is a six-year-old project for 100 of these human beings.
Each one is an archive of our culture, through media and material are absolutely absolutely, dictionaries or revolution.
But each act acts as a kind of an archive in a way of being human, and they travel in groups of 20, four or 12 at once.
They're like cells, they go together, they communicate.
And you can walk between them. It's taking me years.
Each one is basically a microscope programming that weighs 120 pounds with a human trapped on its inside.
This has a little cave in the chest.
That's the head -- it's the chest.
And you will go through the rest of the body, there's a waterfall that comes out of the chest, and that puts your penis or notice, or whatever you have, a kind of bold thing.
It's a quick rise of these works because I can't tell you for a long time.
We have layers you can see.
This is a body in the middle of half.
This has two heads -- and it's communicating between two.
There are some pills coming out and they go into the head of this strange statue here.
There's a little crazy scene inside the tent corner.
Can you see it?
Anyway, this talk is about these boxes, just like the boxes that we live in.
We're in a box, the solar system is a box.
This brings me to my last box.
It's a brick box. It's called Pop World.
Within this box there is a physical physical, a neuroscience, a painting, a musician, a writer, a radio consumer, a museum, a school, an editorial arm that spread all the content we do in the world, and a garden.
We put the box and all of the people from inside with each other as particles.
And I think that's the way to change the world.
When you redefine who is and the box you're living in.
And together we got to realize that we all are together in this, that this illusion that we are different, these concepts of countries, from borders, of religion, doesn't work.
We're all very made of the same matter and the same box.
And if we don't start exchanging those things with dialogue and general we're going to die very soon.
Thank you very much.
What do you do when you give them your head?
They take an analogy.
But for this pill to have an effect against pain, first goes through the stomach, the interactions and other organs.
To take a pill is the most effective and industrial system for any strong effect in the body.
So the discount, however, is that when you bring any drug into any drug disease.
And this is a big problem, especially in patients with HIV.
When you take antiretroviral drugs that are going to decrease the amount of viruses in your blood, and you increase the CO2 cells.
But they are also known for their side effects of honesty, in their most negative things, because in time they take to the blood cortex, it is diagnosed, and worse even for the time they take to get to their destination, which is where it's more important, in the HIV diagnosis.
These are the regions of the body as the lymph games, the nervous system, the lungs, where the virus is increasingly, and it doesn't get easily into the blood supply of the patients that are used to regulate therapy with antiretroviral drugs.
But after the introduction of treatment, the virus can wake up and infect new blood cells.
This is the big problem of the treatment of HIV with current drugs that is a treatment of life being adopted by growing up.
One day, I sat down, and I thought, "Could we make the treatment directly to the virus of the virus, without the risk of modernity diagnoses.
As a scientific expert in London, the answer was in front of me, the atoms, of course.
If you use it in a manipulation, for the case of wounds and the surgery of diabetes, you can use it for anything to imagine, including transportation transportation of drugs.
In fact, we're already using laser planes to open or prevent extremely small holes, which open and close almost immediately the cells infected with HIV to introduce drugs.
The best they ask, "How is that possible?
We took a little laser and poor laser ray on the cellular membrane by HIV while these cells are embedded in a liquid that contains the drug.
The laser hits the cell, while the cell absorbs the drug in terms of microscopes.
Before I even realized the hole is replaced immediately.
We're now testing this technology in vitro or in Petri plates, but the goal is to bring this technology into the human body, applying the human body.
"What is that possible? You can ask.
Well, the answer is, through a device of three heads.
With the first head, which is our laser, we will make an invitation on the site of infection.
The second head, which is a camera, goes into the site of infection.
Finally, the third head, an insect that distributes the drug, release it directly on the site of infection, while the laser is used again to keep the open cells.
Well, this doesn't seem a lot of time.
But one day, if it's successful, this technology can lead to the total eradication of the body.
Yeah. A cure for HIV.
This is the dream of all HIV research in our case, a treatment.
Thank you.
In the last decade, I've been studying non-second arms groups, armed organizations like terrorists, installation or military.
Tell me what these groups do when they're not shooting away.
My goal is to understand better to these genomes of violence and study ways to encourage the transition of violent participation to nonviolent coordination.
I work for field, in the world of politics and the library.
Understanding these groups is key to solve almost entirely conflict, because war has changed.
It used to be a disaster between states.
Not anymore.
Now it's a conflict between the states and non-governmental actors.
For example, of the 21st peace deals between 1975 and 2011, 18 were signed between a state and a non-governmental actor.
So we have to understand these groups, we even need to engage or decompose them in any process of successful conflicts resolution.
But how do you do that?
We need to know what to motivate these organizations.
We know very well the reasons they fight, how they do it, but nobody is looking at what they do when they don't fight.
The armed struggle and the political police is related.
It's all part of the same organization.
We can't understand these groups, not much less demonstrated, without global vision.
armed groups today are complex organizations.
For example, the short Hemoney, known for its violent foreign against Israel.
From their creation in the 1970s, Joseph has also established political participants, a social service network and a military device.
Similarly, the World Palestinian met by their suicide attacks against Israel, also managing the Gaza Florida since 2007.
So these groups do more than simply shooting out.
They're multiple.
It was a complex machinery of communication, radio stations, television stations, Internet websites and strategies in social networks.
And here you have the U.S. magazine, printed in English and published to record.
armed groups also invest in a complex record of funding without supply, but by advanced businesses, for example, building companies.
These activities are key.
They allow these groups to increase their strength, they increase their funds to get better and build their brand.
armed groups also do something else, they create stronger ties with their population investing in social services.
They put schools to schools, providing hospitals and professional training programs or microscopes.
Heroes provides all these services and more.
armed groups also try to conquer the population to offer something that the state is not driver, security and protection.
The rise of the Taliban in an Afghanistan will spread by war or even the beginning of the rise of ISE: it can also understand the efforts of these groups for providing security.
Unfortunately, in these cases, security has a unique precise price for the population.
But in general, providing social services means filling a vacuum, a gap left by the government, and allows these groups to strengthen and increase their power.
For example, the election victory of 2006 from the Palestinian Hamas cannot understand without recognizing the social work of the group.
It's a really complex stage, even in the West, when we look at armed groups, we just think of the violent side.
But that's not enough to understand the strengths of these groups, the strategy or the long-term vision.
These groups are horrible.
They grew up because they fill gaps left by the government, and they come up as armed and political groups -- they participate in violent struggle and giving governance.
And the more complex and sophisticated these organizations, the less we can catch them as something opposite to a state.
How do you call a group like Herbs?
Different part of a territory -- advanced all of their functions. They picked up the trash system, they would take the terrorist system.
Is it a state? Is it a regional group?
Or maybe it's another thing, new and different.
And what is Steve?
The lines disappear.
We live in a world of states, from nations and hybrids, and the more weak the states are, like the Middle East today, more intervene and filling that gap, the non-governmental actors.
This is important for governments, because to counter these groups to have to invest more in not military tools.
That government vacuum has to be in the center of any sustainable approach.
This is very important to establish and concentrate peace.
If we understand the armed groups, we understand better who incentives to foster the transition of violence to not violence.
In this new dimension between states and non-lethal actors, the military power can win some battle, but it won't give us a peace or stability.
To make these goals we need long-term investments to fill that security vacuum -- to fill that governance vacuum that allowed these groups to thrive at a beginning.
Thank you.
I'm a failure as a woman and as a feminist.
My opinions about gender equality are vertically, but afraid that I was afraid to open the tag of "The "computer, it would be unfair for females.
I'm a feminist but pretty bad.
And so I was curious as a bad feminist thing.
Or, at least, I wrote an article and a book called "The bad feminist and then in the interviews, people started calling the Malinian Female.
So what I started as a personal joke.
Let me give you a step back.
When I was young, especially in my youth and the age of 20 years old, I had strange ideas about the fears, these crazy women, angry with men and they hated sex as if that was something bad.
Today, I see how women treat women all over the world and the anger, in particular, seems a perfectly reasonable answer.
But at the time, I was worried about the tone that I was using people in the stranger that could be a feminist thing.
It was a feminist thing as a feminist -- a word taboo and description.
They taught me as a woman who doesn't follow the rules, which is too much, with high self-esteem and dare to believe that it's equal or superior to a man.
Nobody wants to be that laughing woman, until it realizes that it's actually that woman and it can't imagine being another person.
Over time, as I was growing up, I started to accept that I am, in fact, feminist -- and also, proud of being.
For me, certain claims are increasingly, women are equal to men.
We deserve the same way for the same job.
We have right to travel around the world as we do it, free oil or violence.
We have right to use in a easy way and accessible the contraceptives and reproductive services.
We have the right to decide on our bodies, no need for legal controls or estimating documents.
We have the right to respect.
There's more.
When you talk about the needs of women, you have to have our other identities.
We're not just women.
We are people with a different body, expression of gender, religion and sexual condition, skills and much more.
We have to have to realize these differences and how it affects us, in the same way that matter what we have in common.
Without this kind of engineering, our family is nothing.
For me, these truths are elevators, but to be clear, I'm a disaster.
I'm full of contractors.
There's a lot of things that make me a bad feminist thing.
I have another conference.
When you go to work, I hear rap music to all volume.
Although the letter depended on the women and I was deeply advanced -- the classic "The South State, of the York Yang is incredible.
"What is the reality with your marital foot.
Pitt, dollar, move until it hits the stream?
Think about it.
Poem poetry, right?
I'm completely banglessitte by my musical taste.
I firmly believe in the work of man, which is all I don't want to do, including --  all the domestic tasks -- but also killing insects, the coat cognitive, the heart of the challenge and the maintenance of marriage.
I don't want to have anything to do with that.
The pink is my favorite color.
It's from the fashion magazines and the beautiful things.
I can see "The Bangladesh, and the romantic comments, and I have angry fantasies of the stories of all the stories that are actually made.
Some of my debate are more disconnected.
If a woman wants to adopt your husband, it's your choice, and I'm not who to judge it.
If a woman decides to stay in home to raise their children, they accept that choice, as well.
The problem is not that it becomes economically vulnerable through this same choice, the problem is that our society is shifting in a way that makes women economically vulnerable when they choose to.
So let's see this problem.
It shows the conventional market that has ignored or described by the needs of color women, the workers and men and transistors -- in favor of white women, self-interest, sick class and high.
You know, if that's good demonstration, I'm a very bad feminist feminist thing.
There's also the next thing -- as a feminist, I feel a lot of pressure.
We have this tendency to put feminists in a penicillin.
We hope it will be determined to the perfect.
When we got rid of it, we were going to go back with a lot of love from the same pediatrician where we put them.
As I said, I'm a disaster, I already considered me from that pediatrician before you try to put there.
Too many women, particularly innovative and the leaders of the sector, are afraid to be labeled as a female.
They are afraid to stand up and say, "Yes, I'm a feminist for fear of what that tag means for, by fear of not being able to meet with a little realistic expectations.
Take for example to Benjamin, or like I call it, the God.
In the last few years it's a feminist feminist feminist.
In the Minister Mars Anna in 2013, in MIT, I act before the word "former, three meters tall.
It was a wonderful show, looking at this body star will open up openly the family and to know women and young men who being feminist is something to be proud of.
Given time, cultural critics began a lot of fun reports if Bell was or not quite fear.
They changed their demonstration, instead of simply believing the word of a adult and manifest woman.
We chose the fears of females, because we're still struggling for a lot, we want a lot, we need so much constantly constantly.
We go far beyond the feeling and the construction, to address the family of any woman, to describe it until it doesn't happen.
We don't need to do that.
The bad memory, or rather, a more inclusive memory is the point of position.
But what happens next?
We wanted to recognize our preventas to give questions, to go into action and be a little bit more courageous than it.
If I hear death music, I'm creating a demand for artists that would be more than happy to provide an unlimited support.
These artists will not change their way to talk about women in their songs until except the change will actually affect their profit.
It's certainly hard.
Why does its music have to be so losing?
It's hard to choose something better and so easy to justify a worse choice.
But when the bad decisions are treated, this makes it harder for women to achieve equality, the equality that we all deserve and is our responsibility.
I think of my supermarkets, three and four years.
They're two great girls, decide and brilliant, and also very brave. I want you to grow in a world.
Where you have the strong creatures that are.
I think of them, all of a sudden, the best choice is being seen as something much easier to do.
We can all make better decisions.
We can change the channel when a television program is treating the sex violence against women as sports -- the Game of Treatment.
We can change radio emergence when we hear songs that treat women as nothing.
We can spend our money to go to the cinema in another part when movies don't treat women more than a decorative objects.
We can stop supporting professional departments where athletes treat their classmates like barbacking blood.
In any case, men, especially white men can say, "No, I'm not going to publish in their market, participating in your project, or working with you, until I don't include a number enough women, so much to participate and make decisions.
I'm not going to work with you until your pollution, or your organization is more inclusive with a wider range of people.
Those of us who are supporting but invited to participate in these kinds of projects we can also be able to be included until more like us are welcome to overcome the barriers to the decision-making processes.
Because we are not looking at them, without these efforts, without adopting these positions -- our vehicles are going to mean very little.
We can make these little act of courage and expect our decisions to get to the top, to people in the direct power and the products of film and the music, the Chinese, the legislators, the people who can make great decisions, more courageous to create a lasting and significant change.
We can also adjust our memory, well, bad, or any cartoon.
The last line of my book "The February, says, "I'm going to be a bad feminist to not be at all."
This is true because of a lot of reasons, but I mean, especially because of my voice I was laughing and the feminism helped me to get it.
There was an incident.
I call it interconnected to address what happened.
A few kids gave me when I was very young, and I didn't know that kids can do this to a girl.
I was treated as if it was nothing.
I started to believe that it wasn't anything.
Bring my voice, and after I didn't dare to believe that I could say something that could matter.
But I was writing.
And with it back to writing.
I remember in a stronger version of myself.
The words of those women who could understand a story like mine, and women who looked like me and understood what it meant to live in this world if you have the brown skin.
I read the words of women who showed me that it wasn't nothing.
I learned to write like them, and then I learned to write like myself.
I found my voice again, and I started to believe that my voice is powerful beyond what you can measure.
Through writing and the memory, I also discovered that if I was a little brave -- another woman could hear and see and realize that none of us is the one that the world is trying to say we are.
On one hand, I have the power to achieve anything.
And in the other, I was holding the humble reality that I'm just a woman.
I'm a bad feminist -- I'm a good woman, I'm trying to improve my way of thinking, what I say and what I do, without dropping everything that makes me human.
I hope we can all do the same thing.
I hope that we can all be a little bit courageous, when more of that value.
Right after Christmas last year, 13 children in California had been blessed because they visited Disney or being exposed to someone who had been there.
The virus then carries the border with Canada, infected over 100 children in Google.
One of the tragic things about this outbreak is that the measles.
There is an effective vaccine against this for more than half a century but many of the children involved in the Disney outbreak had not been vaccinated because their parents had fear of something supposedly worse, autism.
But a moment, it wasn't the article that drew the policy about autism and disabled vaccines, descriptions and failure for being a fragile fragment by the British Medical John."
It doesn't believe most smart scientists that the theory that vaccines cause autism is a study?
I think most of you know, but millions of parents all over the world are still afraid that vaccines put in danger to their children to have autism.
Why?
Here's why.
This is a graph of the rise of autism increase in time.
For most of the 20th century, autism became very rare disease.
The few psychologists and requests that I heard about it is that they create all his professional life without seeing one case.
The preservation estimates followed just three or four children per 10,000 children.
But then, in the 1990s, the numbers started shooting out.
Organization of funds of funds like autism, Super Support reference to autism as an epidemic as if I could convince you from another child in Discourse.
What's going on?
If you're not vaccines, what is it?
If you ask people in the Center of Disease Disease Center what's going on, they tend to be based on phrases like "The President of profit and the better case detection to explain these growing figures.
But that kind of language didn't take a lot of the fears of a young mother who looked at the face of his two-year-old son, the visual content.
If the diagnostic criteria had to expand it, why were they so reducing at the beginning?
Why were the cases of autism so hard to find before the 1990s.
Five years ago, I decided to discover the answers to these questions.
I learned that what happened has less to do with slow progress and comfort of science that with the selective power of storytelling.
For most of the 20th century, doctors told a story about what autism is and how it was discovered, but that story turned out to be false and the consequences of the same are having a devastating impact in global public health.
There was a second most accurate story of autism that had lost and forgotten in the dark corners of clinical literature.
This second story tells us all about how we get here and where we have to go.
The first story starts with a child psychology, Leo Kandel, from hospital John Hopkins -- in 1973, Kanzi published an article that described 11 young patients who seemed to have private worlds -- swimming people around them, even their own parents.
They were able to be able to be able to be able to take their hands over their faces, but they were prepared from the parasite by metronome as when they didn't put their favorite toy in their room without knowing them.
In the basis of patients treated in their clinic, Karon species that autism is very rare.
In the 1970s, as a major authority of the world in the topic, I declare that he had seen less than 150 real cases of his syndrome while I picked up reference of places as distant as South Africa.
This is actually not surprisingly, because Karl criteria for autism diagnosis were very resilience.
For example, description, giving that diagnosis to children with contact, but now we know that the epilepsy, it's very common in autism.
Once he was told that he had become nine of every 10 children sent by other doctors to their office to be autistic without giving them a diagnosis of autism.
He was an intelligent man, but part of his theories were not certainly.
He autism autism as a form of child psychologists caused by cold parents and disconnected.
These kids, he said, you've been confident in a refugee that doesn't waste it.
At the same time, though, Karajan noticed that some of his young patients had special skills that add in certain areas like music, mathematics and memory.
One of the kids in his clinic could distinguish between 18 separate before the two years.
When his mother put one of his favorite dancers, he was pretty quickly said, "The ...
But Karah had a bad opinion of these skills, dragging things like the kids were just collecting what they had heard their parents and desperate to win their approach.
As a result, autism became a source of shame for families, and two generations of autistic children were sent to institutions for their own good, turning into invisible to the world in general.
Unfortunately, it was not until the 1970s, that researchers started testing Kansas theory that autism was weird.
Larry Web, cognitive cognitive psychology, thought that the theory of the novel mothers of Kanzi was pretty stupid.
She and his husband John were warm and accelerated people and they had a deep autistic daughter called Sun.
London and John knew how hard it was to raise a girl like Sue without support services, without special education, and no access to other resources without a diagnosis.
To defend the National service of Health that they needed more resources for autistic children and families and Law and his colleague, Japan God decided to do something that should be done 30 years before.
They did a study of autism prevalence in the general population.
Ask a success of London called Charles to try to find the autistic children in the community.
What they saw left from the Kansas model was too limited, because the reality of autism was much more colorful and diverse.
Some kids couldn't talk at all, while others were trained in their fascination for anti-control, in the dinosaurs or in the general generation.
In another way, these kids didn't fit into beautiful paintings and advice, as Japan, and they saw a lot of them, much more than the male model of Kanzi would have predicted.
At first, they were lost to try to make sense of their data.
How did anyone have noticed these kids before?
But then London found a reference to an article published in German in 1975, the next year to the Karl article.
I knew about this article of competition, but it avoided to be stranged by mixing it in his own work.
There was no even a translation to English, but luckily, the husband of London talked German and he translated it for her.
The document offers an alternative story of autism.
His author was a man named Hans Asson, which was directed an integrated clinic with an internal school in Vienna, in the 1930s.
The ideas of Alpha for teaching children with learning differences were even progressively progressively state standards.
The morning in his clinic began with kinds of exercise with music, and kids follow their games on the afternoon.
Instead of blaming the parents of causing autism, Super described the described as a spiritual disability of life that requires compassion of support and spaces adapted during the course of all life.
Instead of treating kids in their clinic as patients, Super would call them their little teachers, and they decided to help in the development method development that were particularly appropriate for them.
Interestingly, Superman saw autism as a diverse continuum that would bring an amazing variety of games and disability.
He believed that autism and autism traits were common and always have been seen by seeing aspects of this continent in architecture known in the pop culture as the social scientific scientist and the teacher distributed.
He was beyond even to say, that for success in science and art, a piece of autism is essential.
London and Julian discovered that Kanzi was wrong in which autism was information, so the parents were the causes.
In the next few years, I worked in silence with the American Association of protest to expand the criteria of the diagnosis that would reflect the diversity of what they called "The Audience:
By the end of the '80s and early '90s, their changes are going to come in video, replace the limited model of Kanzi for a broad and even from Safety.
These changes don't fall in room sheet.
Completely when London and Julian worked between the balls to reform these criteria -- people around the world see an autistic adult for the first time.
Before I got out of Maria Marin, in 1998, only a little circle, ended by experts knew what the autism was, but after the institution of Durve Hallowers like Robert Bangladesh and the recognition of "The Man, with four Nobel Creation and "The Man, with four members and parents all over the world knew what the autism was.
At the same time, the first clinical evidence are introduced to use the autism to diagnose autism.
I no longer have to have a connection with that little minister of experts to make a diagnosis for his son.
The combination of "The Man, the changes in the criteria and the introduction of these tests created a network effect, a perfect storm of autism consciousness.
The number of diagnoses began to support, just like President Alzheimer's and Julian was actually hoping that it was going to be able to get people with autism and their families finally got the support and the services that were decided.
So Andrew Kaluza came to blame vaccines by the increase in diagnosis -- a simple, powerful, self-describe history as bad as the Earth's theory was information.
If the current estimate of the prevention center that one in 18 children in the United States are in the spectrum, it's right, autism are one of the largest minority groups in the world.
In the last few years, autistic people have joined on the Internet to reject the idea that they are the puzzles to solve by the new medical advances -- they get the term "search to celebrate the variety of human cognition.
One way to understand neuroscience is to think about terms of human operating systems.
The fact that a PC doesn't work with Windows, it doesn't mean it's broken.
According to the autistic standards, the normal human brain is easily different, obviously social, and suffers from a deficit of attention to the details.
No doubt, autistic people have difficulty to live in a world not built for them.
70 years later, we're still getting to Allen, which creates that the "sentence, for the most inevitable aspects of autism are found in understanding the teachers of teachers, employees with capacity, and the parents with faith in the potential of their children.
One autistic woman named Frank Zate once said, "We have all the hands in covered to judge the ship of humanity.
As we navigate towards an uncertain future, we need all the forms of human intelligence on the planet to address the challenges that we face as a society.
We can't afford to get rid of a brain.
Thank you.
